The previous CNE, chosen also by Miquilena, resigned in plenary the past Monday after bearing a rain of criticisms by his fault of experience and to his five members are have forbidden the exit of the country, while are investigated judicially by behaviour.
The village can be safe that here no swim of conspiracy, neither be prisoner nobody by these reasons neither, declared Stolen in tyre of press.
Added that if the controls military no observe to fully the amnesty, that be a position of the majority of the population, and impose disciplinary sanctions that could get until the separation of the rebellious of the rows military, groups social will restart the mobilisations and could get to a greater convulsion.
approval of amnesty be sample of civic responsibility of the ecuadorian Congress, with the end of forget of the facts happened for build a new history , affirmed Pons.
To the finish the past Christmas, a shop of store offered births to price of burning.
The Madrid found with an opponent cramped and disjointed, and in front of an Athletic like this the Madrid of the fine time, that Madrid to the that wanted so much, would have taken virgins, would have deployed a lesson of power and class, would have put unkind as only gentleman can put .
On a long-term basis, if female no finish exhausted in a season of reproduction, be more likely that survive for the following, and male will is then mate again with her.
Sometimes the launch closed with a fatal balance, but the offended saw forced to choose among a worthy death or a position of derision in society.
trip measured was of almost a death swing by second on frequency of operation of 1.420 mega-hearted, it that equals to four parts on 10.000 millions.
Are already more of fifty, and to the City he has go suddenly a species of suffoon: it be silence the maracas and the congas, it be to put end to nights of - full - and - bomb -, it be to take dance to all to the same are.
Out, Juana, a youngster of 27 years with look levantisca and militant, talked of war.
Daniel Vega, ex civil governor of Biscay, ate with Corcuera take weeks and went his mate in a game of mus that lost, - surely - says Vega - by my fault because he plays very well, with character, the same that in politics -.
And had developed an intuition of nature almost supernatural regarding the exact point of bread toasted, always perfect. 
In the chamber of be, one graceful blond skater announced a mark of chocolates of Valladolid from an old advertising sheet of tin, his corners of colour earn already rusty, the letters of the inferior zone broken and scratched, unreadable.
This fact have been considered like grave by the boss of the mission of observers of the Organisation of American States OEA, Santiago Murray, the one who announced a meeting of these to analyse situation. 
company Iber-X, that have implanted in Spain a bag of telecommunications through Internet, have reached after five months of operation a volume of monthly contracting around 78 millions of pesetas, informed today to Efe the promoter of market, Jenaro García. 
The Defence ministers of the Union European EU will celebrate next Monday in Brussels a conference of generation of strengths, in the that each partner will communicate formally the contribution of country by force military European, that will have more of 60.000 soldiers.
Dinamarca, that be member of the NATO, no part in Strength of Fast Reaction of the EU because have a clause of exclusion in the Treaty of Amsterdam that you allow to keep out of the monetary union, the common politics of defence, citizenship and agreement of free circulation of people.
majority of players Spanishistas expressed his opinion that would be easier to win to his maximum rival in an alone party that have confront to group of Louis Go Gaal in the semifinales, where would have contest an eliminatory of gone and turn.
prime redistribute with stinginess fruits of the growth without reform of bottom and without perspective of future.
Forced by a situation that contributed to create with politics of arms crossed, Jospin have go of the quagmire with skill ....
With result, that to time be the best reached up to now by the squad PPI Motorsport in proof of the Cart, Servia have risen until the thirteenth position in the absolute classification of the championship and have situated in head among the novices, tied to points with Canadian Alexandre Tagliani ReynardFord.
The Union European and Russia have an agreement of Association and Cooperation, signed in 1994, and in June of the past year the Fifteen approved also a common strategy for his relations with this country, with end of help him to boost a stable democracy, open and pluralist in economy of market. 
Spanair closed his last exercise October 98-October 99 with some benefits of 550 millions of pesetas, and turnover of 89.500 millions of pesetas. 
agreement, whose terms have not been revealed, is the first among Coca-Cola and a company of interactive services and, according to the analysts, can represent sum of 64 millions of dollars. 
The lehendakari underlined that ETA and the violence street have to disappear and estimated that is not sufficient condemn the violence, by it that the PNB will follow taking it possible and it impossible so that this is definitively over, with the conviction that only there a way of resolve problems: seat and talk.
After the training that today had the staff team in the facilities of the Acea da Ama, Pauleta insisted in front of the journalists in that nothing at all to deserve a sanction of two parties and showed convinced that that same prpers it taken player of the Real Madrid or of the Barcelona would not have punished.
results ... can interpret like vote sanction for the Government by lacking of a politics of State for the solution of the problems, to carry forward of successful way the process of peace and the recovery of economy, affirmed the Liberal National Direction DNL in a statment that made by puplic on Sunday at night in Bogotá.
The day was also postponed in Candelaria, a place of the coast north, because of transfer there of hundreds of voters no resident.
Considered next to prime French, Lionel Jospin, Delanoe explain in his have with an experience of 23 years in the municipal politics Parisian.
By part, the third neogaullista in liza, Francoise of Panafieu, the one who defined to Tiberi like a mix of courage and failure, showed convinced that can win, in an interview to diary Le Parisien.
The future of Paris raisin by election of project before by election of person, sentenced .
Timor Oriental decided mostly in a query celebrated on 30 August 1999 separate of Indonesian and convert in an independent state, it that unchained a wave of violence and repression by part of losers.
The disputes political, the allegations of corruption against Government and the persistence of the economic and social problems, carried to that Assembly Consultative of the Village considered the possibility of subject to Wahid to a motion of censorship, can that for the moment does not have this legislative organ.
Likewise, NYSE believe that the CLOB would diminish liquidity of the market instead of increasing it and consider that a measure of this type would affect to the competition among the distinct markets.
Ray Vallecano put end to series of three days without winning, in the that only had added a point, with a triumph by 1-0 on a Celtic of Vigo that follow without finding the way of go back to being the one that was pair of months ago.
The Oviedo, thanks to a goal of Ruben, achieved victory of gold 1-0 to coast of the Spanish, that there was not lost any of the four parties - two of League and two of Glass - contested up to now with Paco Flowers like technician.
The market Spanish for technological companies, designated New Market, will première tomorrow Monday with the quotation of ten companies, that add capitalisation of 6,8 trillions of pesetas, some 40.000 millions of dollars.
11 October.
- The Labor leader surpass motion of censorship of the Likud against his politics of peace with Palestinians.
18 October.
-Faila a censorship motion of the opposition right-winger by the decision of the Government to evacuating twelve of the 42 Jewish settlements illegal built by colonists in the last year. 
27 June. 
- The Parliament withdraw proposal of law presented by the opponent Likud for the dissolution of the house and the advance of elections. 
9 December.
- Barak present his resignation in a tyre of press in Jerusalem.
José Safe, socialist deputy attendant of the defence of the Proposition, added from the grandstand that want discounts of the tolls of the motorways, but no to coast of the citizens, but that produce from a correction of the inequality of the financial economic-balances in defect and in excess of the companies, to achieve that the situations of greater prosperity impact in the general interest. 
deputy justified request of PSOE in the economic growth and in the increase of the traffic by road that have guaranteeed account of results extraordinarily elevated in the current circumstances, getting in some cases to some benefits of until a 60 percent on volume of turnover. 
Finally, Proposition asks suppression of a series of articles referred to the tolls and to the enlargements of the terms of the grantings given to the companies that explode motorways of toll in Spain. 
Finally, the deputy popular referred to the derogation of a series of articles of the law 81972, it that not take cheerfully, and added that regarding the benefits or increase of turnover that have these companies by the seasons of service, not criticise this look, as the concessionaires can look for his income in fields.
Government Spanish presented to the Commission an appeal of exception to follow commercialising petrol with lead until on 1 July of 2003, subject to the condition that the community institution authorised to Spain to sue a supplementary extension until January of 2005.
Flowers highlighted  performance of Tamudo, author of two goals, and minimised fact that the Celtic no have had eight players of his staff, because have of staff of big level.
The first time that dropped and saw wall thought that the had taken the owners so that the hall seemed cave of vice and perversion, explains Francisco S., of 30 years. 
To few metres, Cándido Martín, of 62 years, observes from seat the show porn with his woman and couple of friends.
This proposal, that would have be confirmed by the members of the managerial joint of the entity, produces after the list of Portas accused to Millàs of take cheat by the sending of a letter to the 16.000 partners in the that they urged to remit the delegation of vote directly to the own Millàs to avert an alteration of the line followed by Òmnium Cultural from starts. 
Now I have recorded Feel in French, with mix of Alex Gopher, and goes in simple month. 
This figure supposes an average of 22 employees by company. 
The skier French Régine Cavagnoud, of 31 years, died yesterday in a clinic of Innsbruck Austria in the that had been enterd the past Monday after suffering a spectacular accident while trained in glacier of Pitztal, in the Alpes.
FIFA and UEFA approached his postures the past Tuesday in a meeting of the task force of the two organisms, where tackled the final approach that have present to the European Union the 16 February in Bruselas. 
series of men and women of appearance bourgeois, demacrados y parapetados after his glasses of sun, consume the last drops of alcohol of one juerga nocturnal beside a species of pool whose waters of indeterminate colour invite to thing less to a refreshing dip. 
One of the women drags by the floor of tiles a metallic chair and the deafening noise already causes feeling of anxiety.
The exhibition complete with a collection of arches for tear the ropes and 41 pockets, instruments of arch smaller that exist. 
No possible take reply of a picture of Leonardo or of Rafael without that expert prpers it. 
Koizumi, of 59 years, have interviewed with the producers of Sony to take a relation of his favourite melodies. 
Xabier Arzalluz denied yesterday that PNB has reached an agreement with ETA or with Batasuna to reach truce in fact. 
From 1961, Morley decided to allocate a part of the benefits to dramas of charity. 
It is feared that facts, occurred the past Sunday, drag situation to a new and dangerous climbing of violence that initiated last night with three explosions in the Mediterranean city Israeli of Netanya, causing injured to quarantine of people.
The police Israeli began, with the help of helicopters, a persecution of suspicious that escaped of place.
From Lion, Rodríguez Shoemaker bet by a bottom unit solidly rooted among all the parties democratic to share day to day the goals and strategies. 
Insisted in that Government have loyalty and permanent cooperation of the PSOE to the hour of define a politics of State in front of terrorism. 
leader of the socialists Basque and the lehendakari kept yesterday meeting of two hours in Vitoria in the that analysed the Basque political situation and ascertained discrepancies that keep to the respect.
investigation of Congress of EEUU against president Bill Clinton went yesterday in his final stage, with the republicans decided to carry to the plenary of the House of Representatives proposal of dismissal. 
Government of Vilnius is considering to people that collaborated with the ancient secret services Soviet in the frame of law of verification that looms with excluding of the public life to the that not voluntarily relations with the KGB.
In the sixth meeting kept yesterday with CiU to negotiate accounts of the 2001, the PP Catalan introduced also game of among 1.100 and 1.200 millions to improve free justice.
Members of Greenpeace made yesterday a demonstration of protest in front of headquarters of the OEP, in Múnich. 
The new law of data is in reality reform of the law of 1992 of regulation of the treatment automated of data of personal character.
Prpers It to trailer of president of Initiative, Joan Saura, and after carrying months threatening with the presentation of motion of censorship that had never.
CiU prevents that Congress approve regulation of couples in fact. 
The new Carrefour Spain will have a market quota of the 22,42% it that he will situate like leader in sales of sector. 
During the dramas, the dealers and owners of farms that prpers it will be receive to a campaign of rehabilitation of façades that will have bonuses managed by the Agency of the Urban Landscape. 
pedestrianisation - - added - - will complement use lúdico of the passage, in the that find the polideportivo Vintró, that have 3.000 credited and list of wait of 2.000. 
The president of Tub, Fidel Castro, paraded yesterday beside girl of six years and carrying a Cuban flag in front of the Office of Interests of States Joined in centre of The Havana.
But also to an use excessive of the telephone and to an overdose of drugs: probably this was the case of the leading of Money, the novel of Martin Amis, that happen half book arguing by telephone and the another half inflating of drugs until they come out of his ears. 
Not neither one sister of charity, and knows that function managerial demanded to adopt difficult postures, conflictive, hard. 
As well, has already sad irony that man, young and vital, that has kept to float the white basketball through the tragedies and the faults, with a vision of future and a business spirit and sportive modern, was now in a terrible fight against the illness: as if the but of the unhappiness that from 1989 pursue to this section directed now to one of the few people that have heaved against him to invest a tendency unstoppable to destruction ... 
Now that can say, since he is the director white that confront to the proof supreme of a grave illness, we get also the first news of hope from New York: at least, a window of optimism that take ten days seemed not existing. 
The reason is that exist all range of virus that cause type of illnesses. 
After proofs and retouchings, registered varied patents and obtained successive hits with engines, that sold to thousands, especially to the small industries for the that machine of steam was too much great. 
The phenylene polysulfide, although not conjugated, it is in pure state an excellent insulator 1016 but when - doping it - reachs a conductivity of 1 and presents the advantage is being the first polymer soluble driver and thermoformable. 
similar Results reached more recently with the polythiophene: that the polymers can be doped electrochemically of reversible mood, with it that a film of polymer, with an appropriate electrolyte, can act like electrode in battery. 
country had stopped, at least politically, until they find Roldán,, that is a bomb of effects retarded, giving arround by the dreams of politicians and of the financial. 
Then the bodies young and indolent recovered a reason of be, whistle silver of policemen of traffic appeared among the immense lips and the whistles  were climbing on the over of the sea to warn to swimmer. 
Found the floor in state quite acceptable, prpers it taken clean to consciousness he left, and to the outside of the dust accumulated on all the surfaces, rooms almost empty they were receiving one after another like succession of kind gestures. 
Both admit that only there difference of two days but that the negotiations were different, the relative with signing of the Argentinian player were with the son of the mayor Marbella Miguel Angel Gil Marín, and the sponsorship of the T-shirts with the logo of Marbella were with councillor. 
Baker indicated that the republicans have no any guarantee that the votes by post will favour to Bush and signalled that the democrats has accept also withdraw all the judicial demands. 
agreement consists in that, depending of the price international of the crude, Venezuela will give a species of credit to the countries Central Americans, the only beneficiaries of agreement.
By means of agreement, Venezuela will sell 160.000 barrels of daily crude to the region, the half of them to Central Americans, by means of credits to 15 years of term, one of grace and tax of interest of the 2 percent annual. 
Joint considers, as said, that circumstance supposes a cause of serious breach grave of the conditions stipulated in the granting of the licence and added that now has courts the that has to decide to the respect, since, to difference of it manifested by Acedo, the provisional suspension of the agreement of the Extremadura  of Government  by part of the TSJEX not that the mayor of Mérida have reason. 
The significant decrease of a 67 percent in the number of the lower copies of 30 centimetres in 1999 concerning 1998 announces a lower entry of copies to the fishery and, therefore, a fall of the exemplary adults during the 2000, alerted study. 
The shortage of the hake began to concern to the Argentinian authorities after in 1997 registered a capture of 584.048 tonnes of species, that descended to 458.433 in 1998.
Although the contingent of fishing of the hake limited to 238.000 tonnes the past year, the Argentinian Parliament had to sanction in June happened a Law of Emergency Fishing to brake overexploitation. 
president said that exists a letter of intentions with Ford with regard to the sale and that the operation is slope of a definite agreement among both signatures, in addition to the approval of the competent authorities.
Comprise very well worry by employees and have taken a series of measures, that include to the workers, but among so much have got that the continuation of these businesses had put in danger the existence of company, signalled . 
The euro-deputies incorporated series of amendments to increase the protection of the investors and that now must be to negotiate with the ministers of Finances of the European Union EU.
The passport European, that has already from 1985, allows the commercialisation of the bottoms of investment out of the country of broadcast without that are necessary additional permissions, although evolution of the financial markets and the extension of Internet have imposed a review of rule. 
gazelle returns after having contested so only proof of 400 in four third - years in July in Niza -, but after the bad moments past he wants green laurels in front of Freeman, the attendant of light the past Friday the cauldron.. 
The vice-president of Commission European and commissioner of Transports, Loyola of Palace, confirmed today in Pamplona the full support of the central Government to the execution of road of big capacity that one Spain with France through the Navarrese Pyrenees..
Therefore, Aznar affirmed that paper of King has been key and determinant in all the senses: like engine, expression and symbol of the spain modern and, to the same time, like guarantee of a stability, of union and of a common spirit among Spaniards. 
For Aznar, the Monarchy Parliamentary no only be the expression of the spain modern, but that was besides symbol of stability and permanence and a guarantee of future for the aspirations of the Spanish citizens. 
José Stolen, Adviser of Tourism and Sport of Joint of Andalucía, compared elimination of candidature of Seville to the JJ.00. 
of the 2008, decided today by the COI in Lausana Swiss, with a career of bottom in the that no have surpassed neither the 400 neither the 800 metres, but still have remain the 1.500 in allusion to the of the 2012. 
Believe that was a species of warning, indicated José Stolen the one who considers besides that as in all the decisions had prevailed the geopolitical criterion more that the purely technical. 
The elimination of candidature Spanish, as Stolen, it should of serve as spur, because the Olympic Games are a sport and had be sporty in plenary felt by it that owe of consider this challenge like a career of bottom, in the that the proof, the perseverance and the good bottom physical is fundamental. 
Repsol YPF, main oil that operates in spain with quota of market of the 45 percent, applied, to the 0:00 hours of today, a rise of 4 pesetas in all fuels that we have  situated the maximum price of his diesel of automotion in the 128,9 pesetas, the of the eurosuper in the 144,9 pesetas and the of petrol super in the 154,9 pesetas. 
For Muñiz, that gathered this week in Brussels with Commissioner of Fishing of the EU, Franz Fischler, the recovery of fishing grounds own of fishing would be a form of keep the employment in regions European fishing regions.
The Hispasat 1C increases the capacity of the Spanish system of telecommunications by satellite, since it has 24 transponders of high power the same that the 1To and the 1B together, a mass of launching a 50 percent greater that the two satellites previous and an useful life of 15 years.
In a stage of high competitiveness like the current, we consider an instrument technical to the service of powerful operators, immersed in a vortex of multimedia fusions, signalled president of Hispasat. 
Treasure will issue the next year debt by amount of 10,3 trillions of pesetas, it that supposes a reduction of three trillions in front of it that will plant this year, according to the Project of Law of General Budgets of State for the 2001.
With so little unemployment - to trial of the analysts a 4 percent of percent of unemployment to situation of plenary employ - the companies has already begun to offer incentives for his employees, like computers free, gymnasiums in industries and until sportive cars for some executive. 
Likewise assumed that the wages has begin to rise, everything it that would translate in greater costs for the companies, costs that could be transferred to the consumers in form of a heave of prices that bring achieve a rise of inflation. 
Syrian pretend the withdrawal Israeli of the Altos of the Golan, captured in 1967 during the War of the Six Days, whereas Israel demands for take it that first they give a series of guarantees for security. 
base Larry Hughes prpers it with another party solid when achieving 24 points 9 of 22 and 6 of 9, nine assistances and five rebounds to allow to the Warriors break a series of two defeats consecutive and leave mark in 6-13. 
The current champions of league, that has also the support of the Shaquille center Or`Neal with 25 points 11 of 18 shots of field and 3 of 6 from the line of personnel, 10 rebounds and two assistances, broke a series of four triumphs consecutive, remained with mark of 14-6 and without climb to th to the first place of Division of the Peaceful. 
The Lakers have won 11 of the last 15 parties contested after have begun the league of irregular form with mark of 3-3. 
In this case it has touched to a patrol of the Civil Policeman, that have even consequences for other external citizens to this body, added the president Navarrese, the one who underlined that, in occasion, fortunately no have registered mortal victims.
plan of Mejía involves rise of the taxes to the consumption, a tax reform  and a lien and  considerable tax to the vehicles, among measures. 
The Appeal Court of New Orleans, in Luisiana, cancelled today a demand of three constituents of Texas that impugned the constitutionality of the candidature to vice-president of republican Richard Cheney. 
Ana Bottle took these statements in Chillón, place of some 2.500 inhabitants situated to the southwest of the province of Real City, where has inaugurated a residence of elderly, has gathered with an association of women and has shared a breakfast with militants of the Popular Party. 
wife of president Aznar considered worrisome that Spain was the country with the index of natality lower of the world and encouraged to the militants of his party to reach society of full employment and the complete integration of the women in the world of work. 
Bottle, that got to Chillón on the one of afternoon, inaugurated firstly residence of elderly of Messengers of the Peace, ONG of the that is speaker of honour, that has a capacity of twenty squares and that was funded in part by the Joint of Communities of Castilla-Stain. 
Afterwards, kept a meeting with the managerial joint local of the Association of Women and Families of the Ambito Rural AMFAR, whose speaker Mercedes Mateo they asked that move to the Government his aspiration of an improvement of infrastructures, as half to reach a greater integration labour of the women of zone. 
In this sense, Antonio Marruecos, agriculturalist formed in a School of Agricultural Qualification, underline an usual practice in zone based in the biological fight with insects that attack to the plagues, as be the case of bumblebees for the pollination of tomatoes and peppers, and of bees for melon and watermelon, with which has use insecticide of low impact weigh to heat. 
Commercialise product with waste, except accident, it is little less that impossible, insists Juan Planelles, manager of the Society Agricultural of Transformation SAT, that groups to 350 agriculturalists proprietary of 600 hectares, with production of 100.000 tonnes and a half turnover of 14.000 millions of pesetas, since each ten days six technicians control exploitations.
Bondevik presented last night resignation and the of Government when remaining in minority in the Storting in front of a modification of the Law of Environmental Protection presented by the labor opposition, that pretended to elevate the limits allowed of broadcasts of dioxide of carbon CO2. 
By part, Senate has created a commission of investigation that for now has conceded to the airports the postponement of payments of taxes and taxes.
One of his characters more popular was the Sergeant Arensibia of Histories of bitch mili, a theatrical setting that saw more of a million of viewers in all Spain and of the that has later series of television. 
The Parlament has approved, by unanimity, proposition no of law in the that demands to the Generalitat that, in the term of six months, elaborate a study on the feasibility of build line of railway among Sallent Bages and The Pobla of Lillet. 
The group Agbar has want buy a distributor of water in EEUU.
It is also used, like the private companies, to the retirements anticipated for take fall on Security Social - - a Social Security that cut out drugs to save - - a part of the costs generated by the arbitrary measure. 
The singer-songwriter and guitarist presents today the Infinite disk of give us, a fusion of classical, jazz and Brazilian music.
campaigns political North American base in one clarfication, in a precision of it that call message and in voters. 
From now will talk of investment, that is to say, constituent will invest, will take stake of future. 
The bull wild showed to the film of the festival of cinema, raised one cloud of expectancy, gave a pair of charged without raise the head and returned to his toril in Manhattan before the public gave account that had finished work. 
Of Niro deployed in front of journalists and public an eloquence ofraging horned, or at most of brave boxer, as that Jake LaMotta to the that loaned face angrily.
boss of the State French required in this sense that impose a series of reforms, but that, anyway, the measures that adopt has respect the principles of the unit of country. 
plan of autonomy for Corsica, proposed by the Government of Jospin and approved by the Corsican Assembly the past Friday, foresees of face to the 2004 the granting of power legislative and the creation of collectivity territorial only, two measures that will demand a review of the French Constitution. 
Pope not asks decisions only formal, but one adaptation of the prison structures. 
Collapse without injured in a house of Mataró. 
The fact forced to vacate a shop in the low plant, an office of the first step and to a woman of 81 years of second. 
Well, there was mayor lesbian, but was harder that monk of Lefebvre ...
president suffers again pneumonia, of the that recovers satisfactorily, according to spokesman Dimitri Yakushkin. 
Simultaneously, the Outside Ministry Russian delivered yesterday to the embassy of EEUU a note of protest after arrest of the diplomatic North American Cheri Leberknight under indictment of espionage. 
The Chechen guerrilla chief Chamil Basayev launched yesterday call to the start of a new wave of attempts in Russia, in a chain of television network, according to chain of public television Russian RTR. 
The president Czech, of 63 years and with health very fragile since was operated of cancer of lung in 1996, went admitted yesterday in the Hospital of Praga after suffering a rise of the fever during night.
body was located the 2 November in a wild place  situated beside road of Saint Pedro of Alcántara, onea hamlet of Marbella. 
representatives of SMEs has to park the personalisms and the charms extra-corporate  in favor of defence of common interests. 
The Council General of the Power Judicial CGPJ has suspended provisionally an order of internal operation of the Audience of Barcelona dictated by his president, Francisco Javier Béjar, that the past month of July caused the suspension of the trial to a presumptive rapist by fault of judges. 
In part upper, to the right, an image of concentration celebrated in Hannover, to the that the chancellor Schröder assisted in company of the sindical leaders. 
Pujol stressed that no of a rise of pensions, but of a compensation by the loss of acquisitive power of the Catalan pensions owing to the differential of inflation with the Spanish average.
it is treat of a measure of justice,  he stressed . 
Pujol gave yesterday by resolved subject of the turn of the pensions Catalan and put accent in devoting the future efforts in this field in achieving an improvement of all subsidies more low. 
president explained that CiU will defend in meeting of the Pact of Toldo rise of all the minimum pensions and will try that establish mechanism to compensate the territorial differences of inflation, so that autonomies do not have to approve new complementary helps, Pujol stressed. 
With reorganisation of terminals pursues an improvement of the quality of the service, but the forget of the signage does not precisely in the achievement of goal.
The Trade adviser of the Government Basque, Josu Jon Imaz, explained yesterday that the support of the PNB in the Congress of the Deputies to liberalizing measures of the commercial schedules owed to a confusion of procedure, when having subjected to varied vote decrees in a same package.
office of sheriff, that declined to take comments and directed any question to the COI, recognised that so much the owner of the house like a woman of the cleansing suffered wounds when manipulating material found. 
Added that the interest of Aznar for interviewing with the maximum representatives business and sindical is a sample of his disposition of follow with the process of dialogue social, basic axis of the politics of the Government and that so fine results has had for the employment and the Social Security.
The Komercni Banka had a staff of 13.487 employees to ends of 1999, 470 were sacked during the fisrt quarter of the present year and other 170 civils were moved to subsidiary. 
It is a meeting of big transcendence put that since here will be the reaffirmation of the need of the unit of Community Andean, of the unit of ours subregion in front of the great challenges that we present by the globalisation, manifested to the Peruvian press. 
As Irradiate Fiyi, the coupists have presented today to the diet military that has the commander Frank Binimarama a proposal of nine points in the that demands the end of the martial law, imposed the Monday, and the return of a civil government, in concrete one decided by Speihgt. 
The  vicelehendakari sustained that the Popular Party keeps a dynamics of deterioration and delegitimization of the Basque institutions, whose colophon were the insults of the parliamentarian Ricardo Bone to the lehendakari, Juan José Ibarretxe, in the plenary of the past Friday. 
Not anecdote, went an attempt to the institutions of this country, to Parliament and to the Lehendakari, and not an isolated fact, but the culmination of a dynamics of deterioration and delegitimization of the institutions by part of PP, commented. 
Ayllón has presented writing with this request, signed by himself same and other senators of the PSOE that belong to the circumscriptions by the that will run the outline of the future BIRD, informed today in note of press the Socialist Group in Senate.
Diverse activities, that go from a congress world-wide of prostitutes until one test cyclist, will hamper the work of the police of Berlin during this weekend in that they gather in the capital 14 leaders for summit of reformers.
Although to the political appointment attend bosses of government and of State of almost a fortnight of countries, among them the French prime minister, Lionel Jospin, or the presidents of Chile and of Argentinian, Ricardo Lagos and Fernando of the Rua, the look of the Berliners will be put, how no, in activities of Clinton. 
president Argentinian announced the past Monday a new package of measures allocated to drop the public cost, that involves a reduction of among the 12 and the 15 percent of the wages of the public employees.
A committee official headed by the minister of the Interior, the ex vice-president Humberto of the Street, keeps negotiations with the leaders of the villagers that protest against the establishment of zone of distention for the ELN.
signature announced week an investment of almost 1.200 millions of dollars to increase the production of the chip emotion engine, key component of PlayStation 2 that offers a high quality of image in games and videos and that Sony developed beside Toshiba.
An agreement among the employers and the French unions on a deep reform of the subsidy of unemployment with sanctions to the unemployed that refuse an offer of work is near at hand of the hand after breaking the sindical unit. 
The company created by employers of Venezuela and Colombia broke in the construction of a plant of treatment of the residual waters that result of his industrial processes of manufacture of matters prevail that derive of oil. 
Four years afterwards, said obligations were for fulfilling, added Smith, the one who observed that company received fine of 1.872 millions of weights 892,7 millions of dollars. 
Zubía explained that, in addition to the vertiginous technological advance of the last years, the loss suffered by the Professional Training FP has caused an abandonment of these crafts in favour of a concentration of students in university careers of low or very low grade of labour insertion, like Right or Psychology. 
Thus, indicated need that by means of the dialogue social confront this problem of the market of work, splitting of the base of an equality of deal among agreements temporary and indefinite regarding regulation, compensation and cost for company.
agreement foresees that Campofrío purchase in metallic the 49,5 percent of capital of Navidul and the remaining 50,5 percent do it through an enlargement of his capital of the 16 percent, that will subscribe entirely the Diaz family, majority shareholder of society absorbed. 
Myanmar is among the worries of the OIT, especially from 1998, when a commission of investigation judged that the use of work forced was very expanded. 
The descent half of the unemployment in May in the fifteen years previous was of 56.665 unemployed, and in the same month of 1999 the unemployment had reduction of 58.880 people, whereas in the last twelve months dropped in 117.951 people, a 7,15 percent. 
In a party of Shinto parliamentarians last month Mori created one of the political storms noisier of the last years when saying that Japón is a divine country with the emperor in centre.
The president of Venezuela, Hugo Chávez, broke week of absolute silence to announce that government works in depth, in spite of the political break that has supposed the electoral postponement of the past Sunday. 
Confessed that has attended international subjects, like a conversation with the general secretary of the Organisation of American States OEA, César Gaviria evaluating the pretence of EEUU of sanction to Peru by the triumph of Alberto Fujimori, that we combat, and also with the conflict posed with Guayana, that produced a protest of the Chancellery of Caracas by installation of a space base in territory demanded by Venezuela. 
The last month Mori caused a storm political when saying in party of Shinto members  that Japan is a divine country with the emperor in the centre, it that carried to the opposition to ask his resignation to the considering incapacitated for govern country. 
The CTU has also opened a fundraiser of bottoms to support the gremial congress of Fiyi organised by Union of Unions of Fiyi FTU, acronyms in English. 
The king and the country with grains is a pure grotesque, but no because the hero have confronted to a distorting  mirror, but because the writer was taking guide a beryl very clear on a page of the history and it that results are an infinite string of coherent absurdities, as if a messy  little devil mocked everyone of all the solemn principles and will gave with the pure nonsense. 
Any appearance empty of decorum and have remains a monarch degraded to gañán or a queen without more considerations that the poor master of unable house of another thing that knit with the needles of take stocking or of write to the emperor letter of marmot.
Germán of Granda has a part of reason, but no all. 
This book brings togather one score of scattered works..
Are, in majority, natives that dropped of the Andes escaping of the hunger, of the retard and tuberculosis; they wanted to get to the city, but remained stranded in the outskirts, to ten of kilometres, in the sordid sands that surround File, in where they planted his shanties, precarious cardboard trays of cardboard and chipped drawers. 
Get finally to house of sister: a tray of cans and cardboards of hardly three metres by three metres, with an infernillo of gas, a chair of enea, a plastic and a blanket in a corner of the floor, on the dirty sand. 
But this moment heroic, it seems to me, is more a species of fever that disposition. 
T. S. Eliot explained it like this: - Believe it all requires an application constant, and a species of genius, and believe it everything ... to measure that happen time will probably increasingly difficult -. 
When the executives travel and need prostitute of luxury they look in announcements of some escort service. 
It is a way of expressing disagreement with the performance of the Government or with State. 
For some time now the  envelopes that send sthe box of savings basically to warn of the negative balance carry species of mark with three flat arrows and bent, each one of the them dies in the following. 
Believe that title more appropriate for a collection of articles of cinematographic criticism is the that Guiliermo Cabrera Child chose for his book A craft of century XX. 
Explain the rascals of the city that after drink bottle of gin with Cayetana, the that the accompanied, the abused: - You only frequent banderilleros and fag dancers. 
Existed then a gap intellectual, a protest in the making and a forecast of change that took precise a task of political reflection without the that had been much more difficult the back construction of democracy. 
For example, to Mario Earl a letter of backrest of J. P. Morgan, or to the minister Asunción a beautiful Garzón; are the - funny details -.
Last night the Real Madrid won, but squad of my interweaves is cage of crickets.
lady Aguirre, that has for cleansing a mentality of witch menopausal, has decided to fine to the unions with 5.000 pesetas by each leaflet thrown in streets half-empty and semi-passable of the Madrid in strike. 
Apply of selective form and discriminatory all rigour of the ordinance municipal to message form and scattered  of the working class is to enclose it in house of gas.
A solderin that not leave of the Susi neither a leg of rooster and like this likes ask to Mrr Carmen Alborch that finance me fund a complete reconstruction, fast and divine. 
It is more ethical to work in defence trying recover balloon without fail that treat of avert a basket of rivals although was with fault. 
Jumped together to the NBA in 1992, and here has been see that to Day the costs to convert in the new Sean Elliott is going progressing in Milwaukee, but follows without dipping much more of the 40 % of his shots, that Mayberry sees limited in the same squad of the Bucks by his propensity to note more that to direct, and has only the acting of Eric Murdock whereas was finally be the less - glamouroso - of the trio, Miller, the that more favorably was in the professional League: the past week was for the first time - player of the week - in NBA, and in spite of his modest size of 2,05 but with a solving of almost 2,20 is hole of the Suns in the center. 
For example, interesting squad of Connecticut: Donyell Marshall, 206 centimetres of power and agility caps, triple, twenty points and a dozen of rebounds every night and Doron Sheffer, the discussed novice Israeli - professional? 
- - fan? 
that is still better base of it that said: height, plant, technical and sense of the basketball.
The tie resulted correct geographically, but footballily  offered only an appearance of justice. 
Among superiority and abuse there istraced line of courtesy that Rominger did not transfer yesterday.
The Spanish triumph is being a question of national honour.
Swiss imitated to Miguel Indurain in form of interpret a day of high mountain and decided to conserve advantage. 
Unzaga made an exhibition of it that has take a gregarious for his leader.
When had certainty of kidnapping and announced a tyre of press of Joan Gaspar and of Bakero, Felipe González delayed in an hour his appearance in front of the press, knowingly that if talked to the same times that the vice-president of the Barça and the player, the Cataluña of Pujol would not take the lower case. 
More that when awake in the Nou Camp of lethargy of reptile, for wriggle among three defences, leave a ball of goal, or throwing himself same a balloon that, miraculously, meanders by the lawn until network. 
The first is caused by the helium volumes and is easily detained by a piece of paper; the second comes of the broadcast of fast electrons and can stop interposing a leaf of aluminium, the third is composed by photons that have a high power of penetration, although can not pass the lead. 
zebra, an eagle real, a serpent of a rattlesnake,, a red frog , a big-headed leuciscus, a cricket or a simple spider of garden have very little that see among yes regarding attire of protection in front of the atmospheric inclemencies. 
The result will be that all of them will find competing by an offer of males increasingly reduced. 
The mix precipitates through a row of nozzles that serve of atomizer. 
It only that is needed is a taking of water near. 
To a mortal virus happens another, and another more, encouraging in undermine the foundations of the own life, in a career without end; in a species of war of Galaxies in the that employ arms increasingly and more sophisticated.
To the seasoning in Paris, Huygens put to work with his assistant Denis Papin, and began with a dangerous device: a cylinder in whose breast took to explode charge of gunpowder that promoted a piston. 
The first that obtains hit is a waiter a Luxembourgish  called Etienne Lenoir 1822 - 1900, that presented in 1860 in Paris a machine of gas of light inflamed by an electrical spark; three years afterwards afterwards engine in a  a carriage that look him to Joinville along fifteen kilometres, with immense cost.
His first victims were North American legionaries that in those dates celebrated meeting of fraternity in said city. 
It is like push key of a simple glimpse.
It Remains for examining a war form biological very special, baptised with name of ecological war.
Will happen more of ten hours to day writing with his look in screen, and with a metallic voice, generated in a synthesizer of voice, transmits messages - to speed of twenty words by minute - to his familiar and friends.
Of theoretical studies could conclude that extension of the system 11 in these compounds conducts to a decrease of the repulsion intramolecular of type Coulomb it that would has favour training of complexes of transfer of charge.
The overlap of the orbital molecular n allows, after process of doped, a delocalisation  of the electrons along the macrocyclic system  giving place to quasi-dimensional conductive materials . 
Recently, J. Simons has described procedure alternative to achieve disposal of macrocycles of phthalocyanines in stacks without need of bridge ligands. 
This study has allowed to determine some of the requirements necessary to convert a collection of disorganized molecules in disposal electrically conductive.
Those who coexist with the hero tragic not more that liquidate in what they warn they can not convince him, because his intransigent  attitude  is a threat of ecstasy, of civil discord; against of it that supposes, the classical tragedies finish always well, precisely because the annihilation of the protagonist signal the start of a new harmony, painfully rescued.
Inside the own novel characters is to run great expense to coast of the sufferings of ZZNM, and some king ZZT, as if from a window of palace saw to a student laughing to guffaws with a book in the hands, commented to his next: This youngster or is crazy or read adventures of ZZTO.
In name of God, of the Civilisation, of the Pacification of the villages or of his Redemption, is to say, of the economic interests, of the acquisitive needs of matters prevail or of enlargement of markets, the history of the humanity not has been but a succession of wars that supposed annihilation, to hands of the victorious, of cultures or secular civilisations.
not it easy: the presence of the watchdogs of - staff - of the museum has seen reinforced until the exaggeration by a legion of policemen that custody each side, each access to this small city in the that few, very few, it wants live, to the shadow of Holocaust. 
This year header of course has multiply to give fit to the invited of honour - the president of Uruguay, first country that recognised officially to the State of Israel -, as well as a delegation of Tel Aviv, institutional representation Polish and the unavoidable and interminable respective entourages.
After mother of Enrique Buendía one of leaders of the Current collected the rifle of his son died in fight, the speeches began and enumerated the attainments of the agreement: helps for credits, grants for studies, subsidy of unemployment during two years and reprieve for the prisoners by offences related with the revolution - a point in the that some not of the all of agreement because not to offences related with the kidnapping, for the that there is pity of 60 years -. 
After heat, dust and a day among nostalgic and cheerful, Flower of the Mount remains alone, with a carpet of cans of beer, plastics, helmets of bottles and the fear that the paramilitary groups that are only to three hours of car of them decide to take it with their people. 
Were to the little spot, taking crochet, with pages of review of cut and preparation in the bag and legs, oh, varices, on boxes of sodas.
Juan Manuel Sánchez Gordillo,, the mayor, is in Seville, in a thing of Agriculture. 
banks commanded legions of clerks to East, because there are nobody knew how work institution of credit.
director of a subsidiary banking of Leipzig received a proposition of his upper to work in East. 
Backwards there are remained a stage of the life of Pilar characterised by the constant work and that the carried of soldier in the CNT - but when I was very young, - eh? 
, because was of the last anti-francoist generation and not in the communist sources but in the anarchist, says - to be considered the ideological muse of the pujolismo by excellence. 
Married with an Andalusian of Jaén, Joan Andreu, has a daughter of 13 years and a prime policeman civil. 
His belonging to varied parliamentary commissions gives an idea of capacity of work. 
Afterwards, if infrastructure will prpers it, completed information with a index of habits and the usual domicile of people. 
The misivas, whose tone does not resemble to the of the letters sent by the band mafia to the Basque employers, incorporate series of political considerations that have carried to that qualified members of the anti-terrorist fight house some doubts on authenticity. 
Spokesmen of the government Basque deny credibility to existence of a wave of letters of request of revolutionary tax in the Basque Country. 
The Interior Council knew to first of May of the existence of a wave of letters signed by ETA and sent to high personalities of the banking, the finances and directors of some of companies more important of Spain. 
In these means police aims the possibility that in this occasion treat of band organised and without connection with ETA, although not that the terrorist organisation, even knowingly that not half to collect the money demanded, looks it that designate - manoeuvre of pure perturbation -. 
Warned that was only of far to Fermina Daza, that never had happened of greetings formal and he had no any news of his privacy, but gave by true that was an admirable woman, arisen of the at all and exalted by his own merits.
Was a flower of yesterday. 
Then all doubts dissipated, and could take without remorses it that the reason indicated as it the more decent: happened a sponge without tears above the memory of Florentino Ariza, prpers it completely, and in the space that the occupied in his memory left that flowered meadow of poppies. 
The only possible explanation of his degradation was the grudge that the husband there was sacrificed to consciousness by a lot of blacks, as she said, when the only sacrifice just had been the surviving for her.
And without embargo lady of cardboard and glitter in the hat of glass winked the eye to propose party of end of year, Happy New Year 1984, fifty dollars all included.
The mulatto informed her of bloody mouth without raising sight of a machine of reckoning.
M has less a speed of sixty kilometres by hour. 
It is curious that although it only that thing saves in front of ourselves same and maybe in front of the supreme order of the universe is our conscious wish or no of reach any class of perfection nobody thinks that the only indisputable and total is in death.
A conviction axiomatic not it same that ambition of perfections vitalists and enjoyments.
But as to Antonia was disgusted a bit leave the oily frying pans, from time to time allowed blade of fraternal rebellion  and the rubbed and rubbed well with detergent until taking jump the frying hives.
days of diary has always drop to last hour to buy half litre of milk, or a pinch of saffron, or to give a turn by any of the great warehouses.
With Antonio home always there was somthing to do: serve him the food, prepare digestive herbs, open the bed, watch the hour for wake him up punctually, make him the coffee of after raising American, in glass, hot in winter and with ice in summer, brush the flaps, that always he brought them dandruff sows, and many times, even, give a hand of bitumen to shoes.
Was stub of butt of generous proportions, tied with red string to label: Rafael, 7 February of 1978. 
Approached slowly to face palm of a hand and opened the mouth to leave escape puff of hot air.
He meditated grieve a fraction of second. 
The state group Electricity of France EDF announced today, Thursday, the purchase of the 51 percent of the Mexican company Electricity Eagle of Altamira EAA, created by the Japanese Mitsubishi Corporation to start up a 495- megawatt gas-fired power plant. 
spokesman of EDF explained to EFE that project for the construction of Altamira 2, north of Tampico, foresees the utilisation of natural gas like main fuel in head of 
The electricity produced will happen to the electrical network public of Mexico in virtue of agreement of sale of energy of EAA with the Federal Commission of Electricity CFE by length of 25 years.
EDF has foreseen to invest 194 millions of euros 186 millions of dollars in the head of River Bravo, with power of 495 megawatt, and 134 millions of euros 28 millions of dollars in Saltillo, that like the first will work with natural gas and whose planned power be of 247 megawatt. 
From rehabilitation, Sotomayor has only won a competition: precisely the of his return to the tracks, the 15 August in the French place of Montauban, where imposed with mark of 2,28 metres to rivals of second order.
Klebánov said in a press tyre that follow valid until three possible hypothesis: a situation abnormal inside the submarine, a collision with another fuselage or an impact with mine of the II World-wide War. 
Argentinian protested today formally in front of the British Government by the rape of the aerial space of this country South American by part of planes that flew on a fleet of fuselages fishing vessels that operated in waters of the Atlantic South. 
The incident produced on 12 July hover of the islands Malvinas, that are low British command and by whose Argentinian sovereignty and the Realm Joined confronted in a war of 74 days in 1982, that left a thousand of dead among both belligerent edicts.
Argentinian and Big Bretaña restarted his relations diplomatic in 1990, to the cape of a round of celebrated negotiations in Madrid, in that occasion South American country has accept that the bilateral discussions left to the leave aside the prickly question of sovereignty on the  Falklands. 
The 3-0 of yesterday, that has besides end to a series of 14 parties without winning of the Athletic, supposed a rematch bear Toni, acting in the League to shadow of José Francisco Molina.
The ex Chilean dictator remained 17 months detained in London as a result of appeal of extradition presented by the Spanish judge Baltasar Garzón, that prpers it by genocide, terrorism and tortures, until was released the past 2 March, in attention to his bad health.
The twelve convicts by round to the barracks of The Tablada, all them members of the the ultra-left Movement All by the Homeland MTP, they are hospitalized owing to a strike of hunger that keep from takes almost 100 days to reach that their recognise the right to appeal sentences.
Fernando of the Rúa, that deny to apply reprieve or another measure of grace to the prisoners, treated without hit along this year that the Parliament approved a project of law that allowed a review of the convictions and hasnow for a solution by the judicial road.
This same week, press attributed to the negligence of the authorities the death of 162 miners by an explosion of gas in the mine of coal of Muchonggou , past 27 September. 
affirmations of Muse, to the one who quotes today, Monday, the press local, coincide with the presence these days in Egypt of a delegation of specialists of the Nations Joined for treat with the authorities of this country on the possibilities of delete these artefacts in the Egyptian territory. 
Burlotti was excluded of the two sleeves in the Circuit of Catalunya, after report of the commissioners technical in the that ascertained a modification of the anchorages of security of the tires, that allows to win a bit of time in manoeuvre of change of tyres. 
The Commission European approved today, Thursday, a help of 2 millions of euros for the victims of the earthquakes of May and June in Sumatra, and for the displaced of Moluccas and population of Timor, refugees in western Timor. 
From then, the dealer group, that in 1999 obtained gains by 18 millions of dollars and sales by 80 millions of dollars, made dramas of enlargement and modernisation of the Motorway of the West, road of 51 kilometres of extension administered under collection of toll. 
Believe that can present a positive balance, because this Government has achieved safeguard the vital interests of spain inside the process of European construction, in the that has played a paper of host of the same, sustained in conference of press.
Pinillos got the past campaign to CD Toledo, yielded by the Sportive of the Coruña, with option to a second year, already in property, that took to cost the Council of Administration toldo, and have clause of rescission of 300 millions of pesetas. 
kings got today, Saturday, from Manaos Brasil, to city of The Peace, headquarters of the government of Bolivia, and were received by the president of this country, Hugo Banzer, in the start of a visit of four days that will include to cities of Potosí and Sucre. 
The cold of mountains of The Andes were stressed this week by a mass of polar air, that affects to the cone south of America, and took to drop the bookmark of mercury of thermometers until the 20 grades centigrades underneath of zero in some places. 
In city of Potosí, to 3.873 metres of altitude where the kings will travel this Sunday like part of his diary programmed, the morning of today Saturday registered a temperature of 10 grades low zero, according to the official reports. 
In Sucre, administrative capital of Bolivia and to 2.790 metres on level of the sea, the temperature keeps more tolerable: today registered a minimum of 8 grades and for Sunday predicts zero grades the lower. 
These sportsmen, of the which ten have been awarded by the Foundation Andalusian Olympic, achieved in Sydney medal of gold, six of silver and four of bronze, in addition to 24 diplomas of finalists. 
Alvaro Valera and Manuel Oaks, parolimpic champion and medal of bronze, respectively, in tennis of table, starred one of the moments more brilliant of the act, when carry in the stage an exhibition of sport. 
boss of the Government Bavarian, Edmund Stoiber, pronounced today by a suspension of the bottoms of cohesion for countries like Spain, to end of can fund the enlargement of the EU to the East, and reiterated that would suit to consult to village on said enlargement.
Stoiber mentioned today, Saturday, subject of enlargement in speech of opening of the agricultural fair that celebrated during the Party of Beer of Munich, in the that he congratulated that the European commissioner German, the Social Democrat Günter Verheugen, have launched the debate on the need of species of referendum.
The politician Bavarian attribute even the current weakness of the Euro to the fact that was an enlargement of EU without sufficient financial base. 
Like part of fusion, company founded in 1997 by Of Pury and Daniella Luxembourg, that was until that date speaker attachs of Sothebys in Switzerland, will convert in a subsidiary of Phillips and will continue his activities in Gin, where was headquarters. 
Romero, that chaired meeting of mayors of his training with seen to create consortium environmental, said that Boliden has received 2.400 millions of the Government and will receive one thousand more of the Joint, and criticised the paper exerted by the Andalusian adviser of Work, Guillermo Gutiérrez.
In Spain, added , was possible to promote a series of processes of privatisation because State kept during years a significant presence in the capital and shared with thousands of small shareholders the property of companies.
request to Nicaragua of demanding the visa of entrance in country, especially to pertinent people of South America, has been formulated through the diplomatic legation in Managua by means of a note of press in the that highlight the efforts of other countries to reach goal.
Two marine that went on board of the Chame II jumped to the water and were rescued unharmed, whereas the operator, Dalila Rodríguez, was helped and find stable in a clinic of the Panamanian capital. 
loan of the BID award to term of 20 years, with a period of grace of three, to tax of annual interest variable, that at present at of the 6,84 percent.
The demand was filed on 30 April 1999 and answers to an order of arrest dictated by the judge Teresa Palaces of the National Audience the 16 July of 1998.
The player baskonista considered that a victory in front of the Barcelona square that trains Aíto García Reneses would suppose an injection of morals quite great to improve the deficient image offered in the last parties, as well as to overcome it again in the qualifying table.
The strike deos not the supply due to the fact that refrigerators, the alimentary companies and the chains of supermarkets increased shopping the past week in forecast of shortage of products.
W have said It of all forms possible and we will not tire of repeat it: the extremes deny , has commented today Castells, in a note of press remitted by squad of work. 
debate, of length of 90 minutes and transmitted by national television from the University Washington of Saint Luis Misuri, has seen like the last big opportunity of the two candidates to convince to the hesitant of all country. 
For it, said, it was to keep strong to our army, that for now for the more strong of the world and improve his capacity of reaction, and he also besides that supported modernisation of the strategic and tactical arms, whereas the governor Bush proposes to jump generation of technology. 
Clinton announced also that EEUU will work with Vietnam in development of database computerized with information of then, with the that will treat of locate mines and explosives of North American origin.
In his last act in Hanoi, Clinton chaired ceremony of homage in front of rests of the three American soldiers, that will be sent to a special military laboratory of Hawaiian for identification by proofs of DNA.
will Be an operation of small scale, said Deichman.
The Organisation of the Nations Joined for the Agriculture and the Feeding FAO urges to the institutes of investigation to deepen in the study of the starch like a form of help to the countries in development, according to a communiqué of his central headquarters in Blunt.
wave speculative that has unleashed in Equator after the announcement that dollarized the economy continues in increase and takes to think that the controls undertaken by the Government result insufficient, according to the Ecuadorian Grandstand of Consumers and Users. 
The president ecuadorian, Jamil Mahuad, announced since will fix a list of prices of products, based in the valid the 31 December past, to brake the speculative wave that has shot costs of varied sakes of consumption. 
As occurs in other sectors, where the delivery of the handle of local companies to Spanish hands has translated in a wave of strong investments to improve the services, in the financial sector the entrance of the Spanish banks has given more security to a financial system many times weak.
For the time being, in period of 1997 to 99 - when had crisis so grave like the of the years 82 and 83 - not withdrawal of deposits of the Argentinian banks, because the big majority of them are firmly backed by foreign groups, among them of way very important by the Spaniards, said analyst. 
diplomatic Sources Spanish advanced today, Tuesday, that not is problems for the agreement in the first of these norms, proposal of directive on the called societies of classification, that are the responsible organisms of guarantee the fine conditions of the ships through series of periodic inspections.
The director executive of the Institute of the Coffee of Rich Coast ICAFE, Juan Bautista Moya, indicated that the possible benefit for the producers depend that keep the tendency to the heave or a stabilisation of prices in the current caps.
Brazil reckoned for 2001 a crop of more of 35 millions of takes of 60 kilos, of the that had programmed to retain 5 millions.
The Association for the Peace was created by the Atlantic Alliance like a species of anteroom for the countries of the east of Europa future candidates to an adhesion to the military organisation western. 
In actuality, in addition to function, serves also to pipe the relations of the NATO with countries that wants have a relation of cooperation with the Alliance without aspiring to integration.
Ibarretxe appeared in front of plenary of the Parliament Basque to answer to a series of interpellations and questions formulated by the PP, the PSE-EE and UA as a result of the attempt that ETA committed the past month of January in Madrid. 
The lehendakari, during interventions, was very critical with socialists and popular, especially with these last, to the that accused of no have given neither an only minute of opportunity to the peace, and to the first  he challenged them  to that present motion of censorship against him if consider that not the sufficient support in the Parliament after the suspension of pact with EH.
The spokesman of the PSE-EE, Fernando Buesa, announced to the lehendakari that not our support in this strategy of keep in the charge having or no feasibility his project, by it that he asked if has intention of subject to a question of confidence, since was invested lehendakari with the votes of PNB, EA and EH. 
Ibarretxe challenged to socialists to that present a motion of censorship, that in accordance with the regulations in to carry achieve the presentation of an alternative candidate.
protest in ports translate in an absence of activity of the transport, since Transcont considers that not to make concentrations for no bother to society.
No longer it map question the know where are and which is the state of the mines, added , when remembering the millions of these explosive artefacts that German and British planted in the western desert Egyptian during the great battles of armoured that rid in zone in the Segunda World-wide War. 
The Spurs without the eaves title Tim Duncan they gave to the Lakers lesson of basketball of squad when trace a disadvantage of 17 points with the that got to chamber period. 
A judge state denied the Sunday an appeal of urgency interposed by the republicans to suspend this new scrutiny, that can prolong until the next 1 December, according to the electoral authorities of county.
The Joint of Headcount of Votes of Miami-Dade approved the Friday the review of the 614 schools electoral after analysing a request of the democrat campaign that looks to obtain additional votes to help to his candidate To the Gore to surpass the scarce advantage that carry his republican rival George W. Bush. 
candidate presidential republican would has have been proclaimed victorious the Saturday happened in Florida with an advantage of 930 votes on his democrat rival, if had not takes the Friday, by his own account, the Supreme Court.
In front of the criticisms of a part of the workers, remembered that the operation, that was subjected to the permission of the European authorities of the planned competition for next February, took with the approval of president of SNET, André Sainjon.
Regarding cessions of active, president said that the year that comes he will report 510 millions of euros, the equivalent to the helps of the State to CdF, that loses every year some 915 millions of euros and accumulates debt of 5.335 millions of euros. 
Aznar, the one who took these statements in Rich Coast in tyre of conjoint press with the president Miguel Angel Rodríguez, considered besides that the leaders of the PNB are the that has explain his coincidences with the terrorist band ETA. 
To thread of consideration signalled that in front of the coincidences among ETA and the leaders of the PNB and with independence of result of an electoral process, the articulation of a politics of defence of the freedoms not be subject to doubt, and those are the political decisions that has take in frame of bottom, no in accessory questions.
Said pronouncement will be decisive to determine the future of the relations to across of the Narrow of Formosa, characterised in the last weeks by the threats of war of Pekin in case of a statement of independence of the victorious in the celebrated elections in Taiwan.
The lehendakari also appealed to the sense of agent of peace that should have the University in a situation of the Basque society that described of complex. 
Reynolds won his first invitation to take in the Party of Stars the previous campaign, after obtaining mark of five triumphs by zero defeats in his first ten starts like opener.
The thrower right possess a mark for life of 86 triumphs by 69 defeats and an average of effectiveness in the hump of 3,85, figures that prpers planted it among the ten better throwers in the history of franchise, in triumphs, defeats and punches. 
Beside these 26 people, until first hour of early today also family of four members, integrated by the father of Cuban nationality and the woman and two children Ukrainian, to the that refused the formality of appeal of asylum and continued trip to Mosow in the flight of company Aeroflot of the 09.25 GMT.
In case that admission to formality of the appeal of asylum was denied, the plaintiff can require a review of his case, that was studied in term of two days. 
It is normal that the players demand plot of superiority, has added Serra Ferrer, in allusion to statements of the bar Alfonso Pérez, the one who has ensured that if the Barcelona works, there was not the one who prpers it. 
When asked that require if the JNE has dismissed of the all a postponement of the second round, Muñoz answered no. 
Affirmed that in determined zones of the Community Valencian exists a level of urban development that clearly clearly an use and abuse of the water, by it that was very difficult to take a request of solidarity to other regions when from the Government no are taking concrete actions to improve the use of water. 
judge Duane Ford with punctuation of 114-113 was the only that saw winner to Barrier, whereas Carol Spanish favoured 114-113 to Morals and Dalby Shirley prpers it with 115-112, to weigh that he gave like loser 8-10 in the last round. 
referee  was wrong when telling me because was a clear push, but has recognise that Barrier has been the boxer that stronger I have hit and in varied opportunities is going to the canvas, declared Moral, that to the equal that his rival carried bag of 200.000 dollars.
The key of the fight, that went a fierce exchange of hits from the start of the bell, was in the fifth assault when Moral planted a series of powerful rights in command of Barrier that felt the effect and prpers it by almost a minute to brink of the knockout.
Lamy, the one who began Sunday in River of Janeiro visit of seven days to Brazil, interviewed today with employers of Sao Paulo and tomorrow will with the presidents of the houses of Trade and Industry of the countries members of EU.
To citizen of Michigan he enjoy to vote to candidate that better represents the anti-establishment the power established, in a species of challenge like the of David against Goliat, and that already has contributed to the victory of more of president.
It Seems task of titans, in the that advantage was that Michigan not Carolina of the South, but McCain is only to have three days by in front, where Bush had 18, said Dante Chinni, a commentator of the diary The Christian Science Monitor in program of debates. 
The notion that the dollar prepares for a promotion sustained caused a wave of speculative sales that subtracted vigour to the green note.
No concurrence representative of party Peru Possible, whose leader, Alejandro Toldo, has decided not take in the second round if was that this not until the 18 June, to allow that implement a series of modifications that allow that process was considered legitimate and transparent. 
The peace process supports in the democracy, territorial integrity and human rights, said Bell, and added that the politics in matter of human rights was on a long-term basis, since it was to reconstruct scale of values of solidarity and tolerance, it that will carry enough time. 
The minister Venezuelan refused, in a tyre of press, that handle any problem related with human rights in base to political suitabilities or to bilateral relations, and ensured that his country will oppose to the initiative of some countries of evaluate unilaterally the fulfillment of rules of human rights. 
During visit of Verdonck and directors of bank will inaugurate officially in the National Museum of Fine of Argentinian exhibition of Spanish art titled Of Goya to Picasso, of the that the Urquijo is sponsor.
For the Real Madrid, that fit his sixth defeat of season, supposed the end of a series of eleven days without losing and the descent to the chamber step of table.
Today, Saturday, Durr declared during a press conference that the goal was the maintenance of the plant and went to propose to Heineken that sell the company by a frank symbolic at the same time that insisted in that factory was profitable and can be dynamic. 
Combat strategy of multinational Heineken, that buy the factories for close them one after another, declared today, Emmanuel Gruand, general secretary of the Federation of sector Agrifood CGT, that applauded the just fight of employees of Adelshoffen. 
The past Monday, group of workers of Cellatex launched some 5.000 litres of sulphurous acid to a road of water that carry to river Mosa. 
During week sources of government and of sector employer indicated that thousands of tonnes of corn produced by genetic manipulation, and no apt for the human consumption, can have been used for manufacture a variety of foods to sale in States Joined.
The week past Mission Foods, the greater producing of swearwords of States Joined, ordered the withdrawal of the market of all his swearwords, tortillas and chips and indicated that will use white corn in place of yellow, because the flour could contain variety of grain modified genetically and no authorised. 
The problem is in the use of a variety of transgenic corn, known like StarLink, that have not approved for the human consumption due to the fact that can cause allergic reactions. 
In November of the year past visit, the gentleman Samaranch and I, to Emil in the hospital where recovered of fracture of the that then happily recovered well. said .
Can country ask sanctions against another before resolve appeal of this last on the contentious object of sanction?
The president of AMEDEC, Arturo Lomelí, warned that the excessive consumption of granules  causes the called syndrome of the Chinese restaurant, that characterise by a tension of muscles of face and neck, accompanied of headache, nauseas and dizziness.
The general South African took statements after visiting the city of Kuito, capital of the angolan central province of Bie, in the frame of a visit of five days to this African country. 
The first number will distribute free together with the diary To Ball, that has a thrown of 150.000 copies. 
According to president of entity, these data reflect the constant growth experienced in the last years, it that attributed to capacity of Rural Box to root in the Asturian field and situate wall of his partners and cooperative , that at the end of 1999 reached figure of 53.273.
Regarding incidence that will have for the Box Rural the recent rise of types approved by the Central Bank European, signalled that in the future will oscillate among the 5 and the 6 percent and that lowering underneath of figures causes an artificial situation that supposes conscious or unconsciously, a manipulation of economy.
Regarding announcement of candidate of the PSOE to the Presidency of the Government, Joaquín Almunia, that the 35 hours weekly of labour day not by law, as collects the pact among the socialists and IU, While affirmed that treats of a deception more, and sample that said agreement has already with compliance and with fights.
Jorge Navarrete, adviser of the Consep, said to newspaper that are taking a series of cautions to avert the consolidation of type of illegal activities.
In this sense, ensure that Equator was nation small and not a fiscal paradise that releases completely his monetary market, as have adopted a series of norms to avert type of problems.
In a press tyre offered today, Azarmi criticised to the Council of Guardians for delaying the official diffusion of the results, that will take the Thursday in the afternoon, and denied that have produced irregularities or frauds in the electoral process. 
The year past, in that neither in his appointment of spring, at least at a mark of 14 triumphs and 19 defeats to confirm afterwards to the start of the season that not in form, it that ready of cost place to Tower. 
The ship in the that travelled like stowaways, Wuarta, with flag of Bahamas, there was sailed of Guayaquil Equator the past day 15 with a charge of diverse products with destination to States Joined, and took the past weekend a scale of refueling  in  Caribbean port  of Columbus. 
The Relation minister External of Tub, Felipe Pérez Roque, defended today without reservations the war of Russia in Chechenia when initiating visit of two days to Moscow.
ministers said that conversation was very frank, and Pérez Roque seemed to give to understand a solution of principle when ensuring that meeting was useful for Tub. 
Moscow consider that arrangement would has pipe to through of Club of Paris of countries creditors, where Russia want to his time negotiate debt of the ancient URSS with Occident of more of 100.000 millions of dollars. 
The Bank Solidario of Equator, will offer immediate credit and other facilities financial to the small employers to through of the program designated the chauchera, a species of card of credit that give value to people by it that are and no by it that have.
Yes this Like it president executive of the Bank Solidario, Santiago Ribadeneira, the one who said to EFE that the credit has base of one hundred equivalent dollars to a vital minimum wage and a maximum of 10.000 dollars, to an interest of the 18 percent and with a term that will join to the needs of customer. 
With the chauchera, popular name with the that know to purse in some sectors of Equator, the small employer will been purchase, by means of a line of direct credit that award the Bank Solidario through an account and on twist hired, the matter prevail that require for business.
Bank Solidario has heritage of 10,5 millions of dollars and a capacity of monthly credit of 1,5 millions of dollars in project for small credits.
Microsoft, Telephone Date and Bankinter, have developed the program Connect 2000 that consists in a series of initiatives to communicate to the companies advantages and opportunities of Internet.
Valencian doctor confirmed that injury of the player has got to this point after have produced a degeneration of the injury that suffered the dip of LAlcudia take two years and half, when he militated with the Villarreal in second division.
Manuela of Mother has stand that the composition of the political or managing commission reflect that it that there will be of have everyone in the PSOE, with all the sensitivities and with people that represent any thing or have something to say.
Fullana entered in dip to 33 seconds of the Italian champion, that covered the 35,7 kilometres of the olympic route in a same time of an hour, 49 minutes and 24 seconds, with an advantage of 27 seconds on Barbara Blatter, that will return to Swiss with medal of silver.
Raúl González White, by the contrary, not to the lawn of the Sportive City and his recovery seem to be question of state. 
exit of Guti of training was more a measure of caution that another thing and has his contest the Saturday in stadium Santiago Bernabeu.
magistrate pour criticism in a sentence in the that condemn to the driver of a quadricycle light vehicle that not develop more of 45 kmh, of light chassis and with power no upper to 50 centimetres cubic by being injured when went in intoxicated state, specifically with a tax of alcohol in blood four upper times to the allowed.
The driver, Antonio Muñoz Serrano, that has been condemned to a fine of 120.000 pesetas and prohibition of the licence of circulation during a year, suffered the accident the morning of the 5 June of the past year when conducted his quad - whose use require only of licence of circulation -, by a through of Sant Boi of Llobregat Barcelona.
According to the sentence, given state of drunkenness, the driver lost the control of the light vehicle, collided with fence of protection of the shod and remained suspended on the same.
Santiago Vidal regrets that is not to the citizen that pretend to conduct such class of vehicles the overcoming of any proof of qualification theoretical-practical regulated, further of the simple expedition of licence of mopeds . 
The judge remember that according to the law, the driving schools has provide to the conductive futures a minimum of hours of theoretical training, but neither the demand simultaneously any proof of practical qualification in the handle of the quad or moped neither seems risked to affirm that, to change of the payment of the corresponding registration, the real control on the result of sufficiency of the theoretical examination was illusory. 
The company Spanish Telephone reached, to the equal that the remaining five competitors, a licence of third generation of mobile telephony UMTS with two bands of frequencies in the first part of the Austrian auction. 
According to the deputy socialist, one of the greater errors have been to limit in the Law of Hydrocarbons of 1998 capacity of performance of the public powers in front of a structure of the offer of character oligopoly liable to exert his power on retailers and consumers, in addition to establishing a diagram of organs of defence of competition of reduced attributions and scarce neutrality and transparency. 
The PSOE has requested to the Government that adopt series of measures that, on the one hand, ensure a real liberalisation of the sector of the hydrocarbons that boost the competition and that, by another, regulate the intervention of the Court of Defence of Competition TDC and of the National Commission of Energy CNE. 
Without embargo, the Security Council not in his statement an appeal of Annan in the sense of endow of a big capacity dissuasive to the blue helmets.
The State ambassador Joined, Richard Hoobroke, asked in this Commission a review of the quotas, since consider that country pay too much. 
A meeting of sanitary technicians of countries of the Common Market of the South MERCOSUR, with the alone absence of Argentinian, culminated today in Montevideo with a series of strategic and operative recommendations immediate to detain the expansion of the fever aphthous in the livestock of region. 
On the Argentinian absence in the meeting, it was only that there were communication of the sanitary services of this country in the that expressed the impossibility of attend to meeting.
The adjust include two increases of the 60 percent in prices of the fuels July and October, increase of the electrical rates, a review of the politics tributary, although also compensations of the 20 percent to the wages in months. 
SITC Culture offer the proposals cultural of market by means of an exhibition of 1.000 metres square, a 20% more that the past year. 
sources revealed that, when entered of full in negotiations on how could contribute each candidate in case of a possible fusion, Angel Fernández won the right to head candidature with a typical bulff of a played of poker.
The following group better positioned were the that integrate finally to The Elephant Blue, since this opposition group takes time working and have to his favour the have presented in 1998 motion of censorship against Núñez, that was endorsed by 6.014 signatures.
This group have created database, that has concerned of update constantly, with the names and directions of these partners, that expressed then with his signatures opposition to the Nuñismo.
We are going to look victory trying begin a stage of two or three results positive so that the players can take confidence that they lacking. 
evolution fits perfectly with forecasts on the evolution of the curve of inflation this year of the ECB, that had predicted a backstitch of the prices to beginnings of the spring and one slowdown of his growth bear before summer. 
Likewise, financial sources warned that a new increase today of money could suffocate the still modest economic recovery of the eurozone and offer an impression of nervousness of the ECB, to so only four weeks of the last rise of types in April. 
The TWO was accused by radicals and socialist of coup by propitiating a tide of unemployments and occupations of vital companies and for looming with new protests if the socialist coalition-radical in the power not to requirements.
Matutes took these statements in a conference of celebrated press beside the Cuban chancellor, Felipe Pérez Roque, that took scale in Spain inside his turn by diverse European countries to explain, as said , the drama that live Elián in the States Joined, retained by the strength and prevented of gather with his father and his true family in Tub. 
While, the general secretary of the PCE, Francisco Fruits, he presented in Marsella to the leader of the Communist Party French PCF, Robert Hue, the experience of the agreement among IU and PSOE as an opportunity of transcendence in relation with the Unit of Action of the Left, to brake politics of rights. 
The spokesman of the PNB, Joseba Egibar, remembered today to ETA that has not a compatibility of political work by roads democratic peaceful with codes of  imposition, by it that an eventual recovery of the period of distention tha prompted the truce will depend, especially, of the terrorist band. 
In a recess of the meeting, the spokesman of the PNB offered a tyre of press in the that said that ETA not pretend made a political strategy-military, that was the that carry, with a political action, because roads has be clear, only and unambiguous, and those has be political and democratic. 
He even maintained  that has remained confirmed by mouth of the own gentleman Toldo that Berenson could benefit of a series of measures in case that the candidate of Peru Possible got to assume Presidency after winning to Fujimori in a second round, whose date still have not been fixed. 
sportsman Swiss of 69 years died yesterday, Wednesday, when made a trek of height trek, in the Andes of the north of Peru, informed today the Peruvian police. 
The Ivesur PTV  will try tomorrow confirm recovery with a new victory in the field of the CV Vigo, after the clear triumph obtained the past Wednesday to domicile in front of the Pepsi Gijón 0-3, with the that the malagueños cut a series of three defeats followed, two in the Superliga and one in Glass Confederation.
Later, explored the interior with help of a house of video introduced through the hatch, until a Russian diver reached finally went from the compartment eight in this house, where they have find three marine, according to the official list. 
To the drop night in zone there is one force strom of strength 4, with winds of 15 metres by second and waves of 5 metres, resisted without problems by the platform nurse Regalia, property of the company Halliburton EEUU hired by Moscow for rescue. 
In conference of press, pleaded by local pacts to promote employment and the economic development led by the City and with a commitment of the group of the society and finance of European bottoms and put example of the Territorial Pact by the Employment of Bay of Cádiz. 
agreement signed by the PA with UAGA - that already prpers it before with the PSOE and IU - includes the commitments of create a council agricultural adviser and a review of the taxation and Security Social, as explained the president of the agricultural association, Miguel López. 
Llamazares aimed that in these moments there was conditions so that the agreement include politics social of lefts, one  reorientation  of the economic politics, politics environmental of the that has lacked Spain in the last years and a commitment of federal development of the Spanish State. 
The direction regional of the controversial party was even more original when presenting with reason of the homage a new series of sportive articles with slogan Powered by Joerg, that carry like emblem one paw of bear. 
Among others a lot of gifts, Joerg Haider received also of his friends and followers go for see to the Filarmónica of Berlin in the next Festival of Salzburgo, a clock of bangle for his collection, a bottle of wine of ten litres of exclusive edition and an ancient squad complete of ski, reply of the of principles of century.
The Soriano team broke series of five days without achieving triumph. 
Espanyol and Valladolid won to Racing and Real Society, respectively, and situate in zone of table that allow them to enjoy of tranquility, whereas the Cantabrian squad and the Donostiarra follow to the brink of abyss. 
The official relief plan, that was criticised by use money of the taxpayers to help a signature whose path to the recovery was full of uncertainty, it is for Miyazawa a form of reduce the impact of failure of Sogo in the public treasury. 
The qualification companies of foreign risk and the economic analysts venues coincide in that help official to Sogo equals to a mockery of the already initiated financial deregulation in the that are the laws of the market the that determine the destination of the companies and no his fine contacts political. 
Miyazawa was minister of Finances of the recently died ex Prime Minister Noboru Takeshita, whose government dropped in 1989 after knowing that series of political had received actions of the company Recruit and had won millions with sale to the few weeks.
The demonstration has been summoned by training political, the Social Reformist Party Christian PRSC, in field of basketball of the Olympic Centre Juan Pablo Duarte, in the centre of capital. 
If no subject, will not have agreement in the rest, predicted Of Miguel, the one who bent by a reweighting of substantial votes and no cosmetic above the double majority, to the that appreciated like system very weighed in taking of decisions.
Friends of Earth ensured that document shows that Brussels has chosen a politics of hard line in it nuclear, against the opinion of the majority of the countries of EU.
Initially, thought that the failure consisted in a fissure of two millimetres in a pipe of the circuit of refrigeration, out of the compartment of the nuclear reactor, but the back analyses have confirmed that, in reality, treats of fatigue of material.
Have been necessary three months so that the authority nuclear, beside experts civil and independent developed a diagram of work to proceed to the repair, in a process that want very complete and that demands until a ten of checks of step. 
In a communiqué, the Organisation for the Cooperation and the Economic Development OCDE announced that the basic premise of the guidelines is that the principles agreed internationally internationally help to warn conflicts and to build an atmosphere of confidence among the companies multinationals and societies in the that operate. 
The text establish to level multilateral series of obligations, that are not legally binding, for all the companies multinationals of States that the have subscribed, mainly of labour character, environmental, of competition and of ethical of businesses. 
The chancellor Bolivian, Javier Murillo, declared a week ago that entrust in that Chile will fulfil with the agreements of Ottawa, of elimination of this type of mines, to ratify will of integration among the two countries. 
He also alluded to the bad management of the entity public Saturno, to the that accused of try deceive to the Audience of Accounts when this organ carried out audit of the same. 
George W. Bush hid truth on arrest in 1976 for conducting drunk when, in 1998, declared to a newspaper of Texas that no had been detained by the authorities from 1968, when  he participated in prank of university students.
Bush has recognise Thursday, after a leak journalistic, that was detained in 1976 for conducting intoxicated, by it that paid a fine of 150 dollars and his driver's license of conduct was sanctioned in state of Maine.
Win a medal of bronze a double in some Olympic Games having played so few together times, it is almost impossible.
when in the tournament individual you remain disappointed, take the effort of mentalize for the double, a modality in the that Albert and I only have played together six or seven times, and be able to go out to the track and give all it that gave, went demonstration of courage and of pride, added . 
The trainer of the Spanyol, Paco Flowers, has applauded the triumph of his squad 5-1 in front of the Ray Vallecano, because prpers it like an injection of morals and of credibility for the straight final of championship.
Remembered that today States Joined is of far the first debtor of world and has deficit by common account of 350.000 millions of dollars or even more, and that one slowdown of his economy will hamper the finance of deficit.
The Prince of Asturias, Don Felipe de Borbón, received last night Medal of Gold of the New York Spanish Institute in a dinner of gala to the that assisted more of 250 invited of the world of the businesses, the culture and communication. 
The Half company Park, a centre multimedia that has converted in one of the main producing of thematic channels of television of Spain, will develop a page of Internet devoted to the football in collaboration with the Real Federation Spanish of Football RFEF.
Jospin tries to justify like this slip in front of the opinion public and remove iron to incident with the Arab world, where his words have unchained a wave of ire, before has held explain the Wednesday to Chirac, the one who he summoned and called to order.
The spokesman of Service of Immigration and Naturalization INS, of Miami Southeast USA, María Elena García, said in conference of press that the American laws require guarantees by writing that person that has a provisional permission of stay, will fulfil with terms of the same.
The guarantees that we seek of Lázaro González uncle grandfather of the lower is that cooperate with order of transfer of Elián González, in case that one cut of appeals of EEUU issue an adverse decision, required civil.
president of Movement Democracy, Ramón Saúl Sánchez, said to EFE that the action in the airport would be from the Thursday, when the boy is already in in stage of greater danger, and could extend finally of week.
The ambassador of Venezuela in Belgium, Luis Xavier Grisanti, that accompanied to mission, remembered that the 20 January happened the European Parliament approved a resolution of solidarity with Venezuela and the sending of delegation. 
Underlined that Venezuela tries to create a system coordinated of international assistance for the stage of reconstruction, for the which a mission of high technical level will visit the headquarters of the European Union in Brussels, to end of present concrete projects in the distinct areas compatible with the European priorities.
In his previous report in past November, the OCDE predicted a progression of the economy of the 2,9 percent for exercise and of the 2,6 percent for the next. 
panorama of relative equality broke when Campbell took indecision of the defence to mark the fisrt goal, few minutes after Stankovic launched a hard shot that finished with the balloon in the side of network of the dip English. 
Kohl, instead, did not want to see at all irregular in procedure, and in a tyre of celebrated press after the dispute, affirmed that considered normal to direct to his colleagues and meet with them, since no there secret and everything is in newspapers. 
cardinal Without, that directed the pray of rosary before the speeches, asked to Estrada that not to continue neither a day more in the Presidency, that has converted for him in occasion of sin.
Varied senators and congressmen had presented already his resignation, but the of Macapagal-Brook, that renounced to his charge of minister of Social Welfare the past 12 of October, caused series of desertions in chain.
These last resignations suppose the collapse of the governmental coalition, Fight of the Philippine Nationalist Masses LAMP, and increase the possibilities of hit of the process for the presentation of a motion of censorship initiated month happened by 54 legislators.
resignations in Senate elevate to eleven the number of opponents to Estrada, and in the Congress add already 95 the deputies that would be had to present motion of censorship.
Ana Bottle, that has been received by the cries of dozen of youngsters of Alternative Estel, has ensured in Lleida that not to devote to the active politics and that supports to the Popular Party like a militant more, because in campaigns all have struggle by it that believe.
Also the Federation reject the indictment that he demanded to Sabariz the designation especially of a couple of referees, but that simply the transmitted the unrest of the clubs involved on the category of the collegiate designated for direct Students of Ferrol-Students of Lugo.
The director general of Citroen showed entrusted in the growth of the Mercosur area, at present with quota of market very low, of the 3 percent. 
In the afternoon In out to principle, marked the better time and had go to detain, because had an escape of oil and, again, the mechanics had separate the engine of chassis. 
If tomorrow Coulthard deos not more incidences will be in an advantage situation on the rest of the pilots together with the German Heinz-Harald Frentzen Jordan EJ10 Mugen Deep and Italian Giancarlo Fisichella Benetton B200 Playlife, that have been the that less have filmed, seven and nine turns respectively. 
police try to dispersing in Nis, 350 kilometres south of Belgrade, to a column of a hundred of trucks that tries to block motorway. 
Zoran Djindjic, coordinator of TWO, declared in a staion of television belgraden that strikes and blockades of roads that have extended by all Serbian will force to Milosevic to that recognise that Kostunica won in the presidential past 24 September by absolute majority and no simple.
The Court Constitutional will argue today a complaint of the TWO on the irregularities in the scrutiny of votes, refused already by the state Electoral Commission, and will have of term until Friday to decide to the respect.
In this sense, the PP proposes the creation of a flat and affordable rate as announced yesterday the president of the Government, the extension of a network of high capacity by all the national territory that get to the rural populations and to the that access from libraries, offices of Administration or public buildings.
Besides, IU supports creation of centres of telematic resources so that the one who does not computer or access to network can connect to Internet so that all the citizens have a source of information and, therefore, possibility of increase his level of education and capacity of work. 
Besides, the organism federative has imposed a fine of 30.000 pesetas to Fuengirola club and has sanctioned with fifteen parties of suspension to two players of the local group, José Antonio González Mérida and Rafael Cortés Trujillo, by his supposed participation in the aggressions suffered by the footballers of veiled squad. 
Alonso, that assisted to the third day of course of Half summer , the business of the future that celebrates in The Escorial until next Friday, said that this alliance has benefited more to John of Mole and to partners of Endemol, producer of the Big program Brother, absorbed by Telephone through operation of exchange of actions, that will finalise the next 24 July.
By reason, programming autumn-winter will carry a vision of exploitation further of the traditional markets, with interactive capacities to use internet, and if can be DSL, explained Alonso, the one who announced the will of Telephone Average of join to great producing Ibero-American to achieve carry forward projects.
The president Venezuelan, Hugo Chávez, initiated his campaign by the reelection the past Wednesday travelling to the interior of country in a commercial plane and moving in particular vehicles, and informed that suspended, by it that remains of campaign, his participations in inaugurations of public dramas, like a demonstration that not to use type of advantages. 
The manager Andalusian of Agriculture said that would has to achieve for Spain a game of structural bottoms for drought around 20.000 millions of pesetas and required that not difficult that Brussels accessed to approve said plan. 
The opposition criticisms harvested today hard criticisms of parties of the governmental coalition, social democrats and green, when pleading openly by division of Kosovo. 
The Bolivian defender left to glimpse that has an offer of a great club and said that is prepared for give the big jump.
Mentioned also with indignation indictments poured against the died president French Francois Mitterand, with regard to a supposed millionaire help of that to the electoral campaigns of Kohl that supposedly through the purchase of a refinery of the ex RDA by the French group Elf Aquitaine.
Until in his own party, the Democracy Popular, have arisen evident the discrepancies, as varied of his members have criticised some decisions of the Executive and they have delivered a list of requests to continue with backrest.
The task of improving and compose to the country is a task of all, but if bet alas to the uncertainty, to the alteration of the order, to create shocks in work, I seem that are, the ecuadorian, mistaken, underlined .
And the fact that the strategy economic of Mahuad depends to a large extent that Bottom Monetary International FMI approve a letter of intentions and a credit of contingency standby by 250 millions of dollars allocated to shore up the scales of payments and allow the start of an economic reflation. 
dependency ecuadorian of the FMI is also expressed in the need of the agreement to initiate a restructuring of the external debt that exceeds the 16.000 millions of dollars and that represents the 113 percent of the gross inner product, index more high of Latin America..
Mahuad  will have this weekend a truce of the social movements and of the opposition that have announced that will centre his criticisms and protests from the next week. 
Thr study shows that poverty is at the same time effect and cause of stagnation of the Salvadorian economic model, as said in a tyre of press the dean of the Faculty of Economy of the UCA, priest Javier Ibizate. 
The director of Department of Economy of the UCA, Alvaro Trigueros, affirmed that the families that suffer the extreme poverty have an average of inferior income to line of destitution in a 35,2 percent. 
In sense, explained that the figure more remarkable is the increase of the annual inflation registered in the first semester of this year regarding the previous year, when produced situation of deflation. 
Are optimistic, but does not give the victory by taken, declared to EFE Sonia Colin, a spokesman of the republican campaign. 
program has length of two years and carries with the Government of Colombia under the auspices of UN , added . 
The promoters of the event informed that the crew of the ARC 2000 rises to 1.200 participants, with an average of 4,5 by craft, 23 of them  minors of sixteen years, being the more youngster the girl Jessica Blatter, that has a year and travel in the English ship Tatopani. 
The next and penultimate day could even clear the four first put of the table, since the Sant Pere and Sant Pau confront to the Pepsi Gijón and a defeat of the Asturians, together with a triumph of the Ivesur-PTV, would sentence the third places and chamber, when being already classified the Numancia and the Unicaja Almería. 
After achieving a mark of 52-45 in a season more with the Knicks, Jackson entered to the office of the NBA where of 1990 to 1992 was director of operations of the professional Basketball. 
Little later he like trainer to University of Wisconsin, obtaining a mark of 32-25 in two seasons before converting in the first person hired by the Grizzlies inside the professional basketball when the squad joined to NBA in 1994.
The FC Barcelona, after losing the past Saturday in Zaragoza his condition of status this season in the League ASOBAL 25-23 and of this way break a series of 40 meetings without losing, will restart tomorrow the pulse to the competition 20,00 hours in front of the Airtel Chapela, a party that he will serve of preparation with seen to the dispute of the Glass ASOBAL, that will contest the next weekend in Pamplona. 
intention of the trainer Barcelona is that his squad recover what before the form showed around the middle of December, when stopped the competition owing to the dispute of the European of Nations, and went to chain a series of victories like the that concluded the past Saturday. 
His last defeat, before the suffered in front of the Garbel, there is produced in field of the Celje esloveno 35-32, the 27 February of 1999, where initiated series of 40 parties 37 victories and 3 ties without losing. 
election of José Luis Bermejo completes a series of changes that have happened during the last weeks at the front of varied Commissions of the Congress to substitute to deputies that have been designated for occupy charge in public companies or that have opted for renouncing to the political activity to devote to the private company. 
The record world-wide, in possession of American Mike Powell with a mark of 8,95 metres, is to half term, the main goal of his sportive career, as indicated today the own Lamela in Madrid, in the central headquarters of Telephone, his new sponsor.
Expect can be competing to top in summer , commented the European record in track covered likewise with a mark of 8,56 metres. 
Calderón manifested that does not when will fail the justice Mexican with regard to the protect that presented the company against resolution of the Federal Commission of Competition that he denied the acquisition of the active of English Cadbury in Mexico.
Sources of the sector car have signalled today to EFE that is very likely that keep sign provincial although, with the community shield and the initial of Spain in the blue band, such as recommend the European Commission, there is only space for three numbers with three letters, it that give possibility of 27 millions of combinations, in front of the more of 130 millions of the four numbers and three letters. 
The plate community has a length of 520 millimetres, in front of the 500 millimetres of the current registration, enlargement that would take impossible, with the current size of characters, include the quoted blue band, provincial sign, four numbers and three letters.
PSOE, said Galician in reference to Joint, has contributed the bottoms late after a wait of a year whereas the PP still deos not have fulfilled his promise, and added that the situation of MRT is similar to the of Ercross, to the that the ICO he conceded 10.000 millions of pesetas to confront crisis.
Mines of Rio Tinto has staff of 550 workers and a debt of 9.000 millions of pesetas, it is the main industry of Basin Mining of Huelva, where the index of unemployment reachs to more of the half of the active population. 
The term of 18 months so that the consortium TBS sold the control of the CRT expired the past Friday, reason by the which the group left of the administration of company the last Saturday, after observing order of the National Agency of Telecommunications Anatel, organ that regulates sector.
Considered the country of lower income per cpita of the hemisphere, Haiti has a density of 270 inhabitants by square kilometre in Spain, for example, the density is of 70 and his 7,5 millions of citizens crowd in the zones more habitable of his floor, that occupy the third part of the island The Spaniard, shared with the Dominican Republic. 
After signal that end of war cold among Occident and the communist block of east has not in the economic plane substantial benefits for the countries in development, estimated that the conflict has been substituted by a species of antagonism among the North and South, it is to say among the economic powers and countries in growth or poor.
We can go to where we give the win, because are congressmen, Colombians and besides the Caguán is a distention zone where regularly a lot of people go to take tourism, including to the minister of Interior, answered congressman Jaime Dussán Calderón. 
In spite of having achieved only two points in the three last days of League contested, the combined of José Manuel Esnal Mané will face this confrontation with the mind put in add a new victory that, case of materialise , would serve to leave to the of Paco Flowers to a distance of eleven points in qualifying table. 
Estrada is white of campaign of smear led by vice-president of the country, Glory Macapagal-Brook, since the governor of the province of Ilocos of the South and ancient friend of the president, Luis Singson, he accused of having pocketed more of eight millions of pertinent dollars of the illegal game and of commissions of a tobacco company. 
The threatening rumours that the 700 members of the Parliament would subject to Wahid to a motion of censorship forced to the president that admitted his faults and asked pardon the Monday happened during the opening of the annual meeting of the MPR. 
Megawati, daughter of founder of the nation Indonesian Sukarno, has remained in the shadow since assumed the place and, in spite of his popularity, is considered like a politics of little importance by intellectuals. 
The big novelty the starred the pilot Spanish of Arrows Pedro Martínez of the Rose, that premièred in Sherry with a Formula One, since he did not run in the Cádiz circuit from 1991 in a proof of Formula Renault, although then outline was distinct of the current.
career of Of Rose has been full of problems, from the seventh round has had problems with the box of changes and finally break of the rear suspension in the curve of the Pirate has sent him out of the track, when was thirteen, as it had occurred in the Big Prize of Australian.
artist, dressed of priest, joined to pomps funeral with one colored clothes and a flag of Equator, to the that afterwards afterwards in front of the image of the Virgin of the Swan, bear of symbolic form clean to the country of corruption. 
In a pedestal remained the tiny sarcophagus with the coin ecuadorian, surrounded of a crown floral wreath and a cross of yellow flowers to feet. 
The leader of the block opposition right-winger Likud, Ariel Sharon, accused today, Monday, to the Israeli prime minister, Ehud Barak, of be conducting to country to a dangerous and irreversible process, when presenting in the Parliament a motion of censorship against the Government by politics of peace.
problem is double because there are not only difficulties with the supply, but that also the people are more fuel of it normal, affirmed spokesman of BP Amoco. 
The work is not easy for Schumacher, to the one who the motor-racing whom has disassembled his department of press, that was composed by Germans, he has put an instructor of Italian, since after five years in the motor-racing still not it and the arrival of Barrichello, that dominate the tongue of Dante, he made him change his habits and in the presentation of the squad to finals of January, pronounced his first words in Italian in public. 
The dip international Swedish of the Barcelona, Tomas Svensson, talisman of the Bidasoa in stage with squad of Irún, with the that reached the Glass of Europ and the League ASOBAL 199495 and black beast of the that today is his squad, He revealed that a part of heart is with the Bidasoa. 
Svensson does not forget his step by Irún: I cheer a lot that this season he was well, because a part of my heart follow there, recognised the barcelonista the one who believe that the Spanish handball need squads like this, commented . 
It is the result of form of game, with a central extraordinary that control the rhythm of the party, and although his game is slow as always prpers it been, have taken turn of championship very fine, ensured . 
The kidnapping was drama of band of common criminals, according to authorities. 
The campaign electoral of the minister main, Peter Caruana, of 43 years, to the one who the last surveys award the victory, has centred in the defence of reform of the Gibraltarian Constitution and can modify like this his current condition of colony.
Bossano, of 60 years, has criticised hard in campaign the designated Plan Matutes in reference to the Spanish minister of Outsides, Abel Matutes, the Spanish offer of recognising a special autonomy to Gibraltar after a stage of sovereignty shared among Spain and Realm Joined. 
Cumming returned to defend during campaign electoral, such he took in the last electiion, a formula of sovereignty shared among Spain and Realm Joined. 
president of Government of Navarra, Miguel Sanz, considered that the lehendakari, Juan José Ibarretxe, have been conscious that the last acts of ETA have left to the discovered a series of democratic deficits in some behaviours of nationalists.
The secretary general of ERC, Josep Lluís Carod-Rovira, has accused today to PP of have initiated crusade against the Basque nationalism and Catalan with a goal electoral objective since, to his trial, ETA is a bargain and factory of votes for the popular. 
Besides, Triadú announced that the Generalitat will promote new portals of Internet with vocation of leadership European, like portal of thematic sanitary, that will have support of the Catalan Corporation of Radius and Television and the Centre of Telecommunications of the Generalitat and that will suppose investment of 1.000 millions of pesetas.
But where himself prpers it was in Córdoba, where, far of complain of path in the PCE self-evident, while sustain a flag of the Andalusian Community, that his teach preferred is the red flag.
The margin wholesaler of onion rose the 49 percent and retailer increased the 79 percent and, among the price paid in origin and the of sale to the public got to register a variation of 80 pesetas by kilo, according to sources.
Can ensure that you Segura lied, at least to me, said Vázquez Raña when answering to the decision of the athlete of subject to the detector of lies in a chain of television by wire to clear that ignored disqualification, that has generated a big controversial in Mexico. 
Union Fenosa Networks of Telecommunication S.L. already has a telecommunication licence type B but the Commission of the Market of the Telecommunications he had indicated that this licence only he served to explode of private form his network and that if want to give services to third would has ask permission type C that now he has been conceded.
In a press conference summoned in Alicante with reason of the closure of a seminar on the models of relation among the union and the society organised by UGT, Méndez bet by a change in legislation and highlighted that it is to connect the fine situation economic with an advance in protection by unemployment. 
agitated all hands, all voices, all the flags and all it that can contribute two fanatical inflated in final of World-wide of Clubs. 
MEXICO -3,01 The Bag Mexican of Values closed his operations with a loss of 3,01 percent after retreating 218,02 points and situate the main indicator in 7.016,69 units. 
CARACAS -0,58 The values negotiated in the Bag of Caracas depreciated a 0,58 percent, with a descent of 33,06 integers in the stock market index, that closed in 5.663,96 points.
Lakes has converted in the first boss of State of Latinoamérica that visits Timor Oriental since inhabitants voted by the independence in referendum celebrated the 30 August of 1999, and that was preceded by a wave of violence and destruction starred by militias and Indonesian soldiers. 
Lakes sacked of the troops Chilean and of a ten of compatriots that find in the nation of the Peaceful sharing with the a traditional glass of wine and piece of Chilean pie, explained Velasco.
Then he Afterwards a conference of more of an hour in the that explained to the assistants, in his majority women, the problems that has had with the weight during his life and the satisfaction of have achieved solve them. 
The Government Italian has decided to apply the next year a discount of taxes by amount of 878.518 millions of pesetas and cut of the public costs of 1,4 trillions of pesetas, and establish helps to development by value of 6,1 additional trillions.
community will see like taxation that bear in the tax on the income descends an average of point, of the 27% to the 26%. 
At least a quarantine of educational, a 10% of the employees in the Catalan institutes, have suffered reduction of his labour day, it that involves a cut salary, according to the data facilitated by Association of Professors of Religion of Catalunya, that have been corroborated by ecclesiastical sources.
At present proceeds to the foundation of market, whose opening is foreseen for half of the 2003 after investment of 18 millions of euros 2.995 millions of pesetas.
cover will prolong in the façade main to the avenue of Cambó, creating a species of pergola-sculpture, a greenhouse that will give shadow and whose function will be to attract the energy of Road Laietana and of the square of the Cathedral and attract the movement of tourists in the route of connection with Saint Maria of Sea, explains Tagliabue.
The external cladding of the cover will be of tiles hexagonal with forms of vegetables stamped, with it that from air and from the neighbouring houses higher will see species of fruit giant. 
Government of Aznar and the of Pujol - - that in subject practises from take months a politics of tap: stomp audible and two steps backwards - - backwards forced by law to compensate to the concessionaires by the rise of prices that register every year. 
Of the sector alimentary, only Nestlé find among the 100 first companies Spanish, with a turnover of 252.000 millions of pesetas, and only eight companies of the sector have an upper turnover to the 100.000 millions of pesetas. 
The Federal Reservation Fed initiated yesterday a meeting of two days. 
The analyst majority expect a rise of the types of interest of chamber of point. 
The secretary general of the Government Chilean, Jorge Arrate, and the minister of Economy, Jorge Leyva, defended the independence of the prosecutor's office and attributed the measure to will of transparency.
The player Yugoslav has received a call of Scariolo, the next technician of the white squad. 
The contribution of Sasha has been very positive, but believe that has fulfilled the planned cycle when signed, indicated, by his part, García Reneses to explain the decision of do not offer of renewal.
alderman insisted in that investments in all the projects will depend that the neighbours opt to purchase squares with granting of 50 years.
Josep Milà, secretary of Office of Dinamización of Centre, remembered yesterday that execute the paralysed plan of parkings is basic by question of environmental quality and of mobility.
Like a puff of air clarifying  appreciate list of recommendations of the Consell of Audiovisual of Catalonia. 
Tear now the vestments by firmness negotiator of neighbour of south, leaving drop in the public opinion figure of affected clearly inflated, so as to hold to Marruecos of the social damage, constitute sample of the worst politics possible: blame to the others by it that have taken and will not, neither the intelligence, neither the prowess, is tackling.
In Catalonia, the Govern and the opposition have  in a dynamics of see who offer greater subventions to the families and schools of infancy of 0 to 3 years, interventions in the that the Generalitat, by true, has a considerable deficit.
Left backwards the tightness and many of them chose an earth of healthy effects, as is the of Fine Airs, city with some 80.000 Galicians registered, among the that 3.000 exceed the 100 years. 
The Government of Portugal decided to open account of saving with 50 euros 8.319 pesetas to the babies is the 1 of January of the 2002, as announced the Monday , 31 December, minister of Portuguese Economy, Guilherme dOliveira Martins.
The minister affirmed that with this gesture pretended to stands a historical moment associating for ever to the recently is of the fisrt day of the year with construction of a Europe of peace and solidarity. 
But, lately, the work, that is principle of personal realisation and right, has converted in a problem, because is scarce, is badly paid in relation to the needs that have created and accept like normal, is temporary and precarious, has taken dull and bored by excess of mechanisation, leaves of be a source of joy and base of the human realisation to convert in a a ghost that rack and anxiety.
Japón, considered traditionally like a country with a tax of insignificant unemployment, explained to finals of February with 3,27 millions of jobseekers of employment, it that suppose 180.000 people more that in January.
The Direcció General of Seguretat Ciutadana has sanctioned with 16 days of suspension of employment and wage to a mosso that referred to agent like my churri, by consider it fault of respect.
The unions announced strategy of international coordination to control the destination of the investments of bottoms of pensions of workers. 
After pressure exerted by unions and organisations no governmental against the globalization of the economy, the multinationals have adopted speech more social, but follow acting of brutal form, affirmed yesterday Philip Jennings, general secretary of Union Network International, in a tyre of press summoned with the consent of Forum of Davos.
users of Network in EEUU sail without limit of hours with rate of some 3.380 monthly pesetas.
With facilities, the internauts American use the Network average of 40 monthly hours, in front of the 15 of Europ. 
The squad of Sergio Scariolo, besides, took demonstration of character in front of the Saint Box Fernando.
Before, had assisted impassively to an exhibition of game of the Barça, that again seemed, during 45 minutes, an impressive squad always that was dominating of balloon.
The eight hikers that has be rescued saw surprised, happened the one of the afternoon, by an avalanche of snow of great dimensions to some 2.800 metres of height. 
One of the mountaineers, that remained trapped in a hollow of the snow, took four hours in being located and extracted.
The European commissioner of sports, Viviane Reding, pronounced yesterday in favour that a part of the television rights that generate go to stop to the clubs like help by training of players. 
Write name and direction in the first page of a copy of The love in the time of the cholera, the novel of García Márquez, telling to Cusack that prpers it in bookshop of second hand. 
president rejects in note of 12 points the inaccuracies on form of life.
The president also offers a lot of gifts to the dignitaries  and other personalities like sample of fine will , ensure the writing, that deny to governor of Nagano when ensuring that not proof any of have received sword of samurai.
The drama will present to intellectuals of principles of century that in 1918 created the Colla of Sabadell or Grup The Look, generation of writers with an absurd humour and provocative and an ideal of modernity cosmopolitan in front of the enclosed society Sabadell society. 
It is a trip personal by it that was his life and his drama, to base of fragments made by me on texts no literary of Bonet: interviews, articles and a recording of video, of four hours of length, taken by the University of the Balearic Islands, said Tosar the past Friday, when presenting his show, that was premièred in past Grec and of the that has given varied representations in Balearic earth. 
The wedding of Guillermo of Holanda and Maximum Zorreguieta have gathered in Amsterdam to members more stands of the European royalty, engaged in keeping a species of monarchic solidarity in front of the increasingly evident existent differences among representatives of the reigning generation and heirs.
I dipped in bed no with statuette, but with a statue of meat and bone, finished to satiate curiosity of some evening program  of television.
The deputy Joan Boada IC-V  have asked to the Ministry of Justice that install measured of security against fires in the building of the courts of Mollet, after the recent fire that destroyed the offices of a company of the first plant.
Set develop with succession of images that correspond to the seven artes, but isin spite of having scenes applauded like the devoted to the painting and sculpture.
FCC have carry during the last five years, strategy of diversification.
Three sunflowers, flower preferred, and the writing Ciao amore , Diletta accompanied the coffin beside a crown of red roses of his four children, that shared space with the numerous flowers and notes with all type of messages that the visitors left to step.
And is from these same and effective parameters that present today parallel Vies paral Two do no laugh if a no fight, a trip to the collective solitude that, through a series of sketches apparently independent, configure history pretty much clear-cut.
But where the setting earns greater strength and personality is in a species of parallel histories - - some, like the first, really remarkable - - that go  interspersed.
The concert form part of series of only performances that diverse Catalan musicians will make season.
After an hour of performance, felt indisposed and withdrew behind stage.
Norm Duval has mounted in a noria of nonsense of the that you can not drop.
In all the occasions, sold image of happy family, but it true is that, before and after the photos, Norm and Marc seemed to form a nterpenetrating couple, although if only because shared the same aesthetic code.
This prize, that I give injection of energy to follow, I reconcile with a festival with the that have had relation of love and hate.
No, but sometimes he release to friend one loose of film in the middle of conversation. 
To the seem, Toldo could present a game of birth irregular to obtain the card of Spanish identity. 
After the laughs, will get Testimoni silenciós right photo, a production of BBC. 
But, as good expert the problem resolution, knew to get away of the committee executive more difficult, in the middle of tide of conflicts caused by the wrap of the false passports, the purchase of parties, the shoots of racism and the violence in stadiums.
Max Black is a theatre piece musical made from texts of diverse authors Litchtenberg and Valery, among others, and of the music that André Wilms creates in scene from objects more daily.
Of a side talk of global economy, of right to the interference, of international solidarity, of all a series of concepts again stamp that induce to think in the relativizacion of the national sovereignty.
The globalisation of the economy is a clear example of how the states have a species of international responsibility, whereas for straighten a situation that can affect to other states, see forced to hold in front of the international economic organisms that supervise a management that in principle would correspond exclusively to the sphere of the national sovereignty. 
Now well, when try of political responsibility, and here is where arises the incoherence, the approaches always had been opposite to the of the globalisation, in base to the sacrosanct principle that each village is owner of his destinations, that is a form of define the national sovereignty.
Are words of Icíar Bollaín, that, without embargo, is one urbanit of birth and education. 
His parents, an employer and an instructor of music, the promoted to study Fine, it that took until could with it the same morbid of the cinema that stuck to a his uncle.
Gestmusic, that commission of all the Muslim production and Christians, received a call of a director of TV 5 telling that forgot of debate. 
natural Code, that filmed with a budget of 140 millions of pesetas, get to the halls of form limited: premières in dozen of cinemas.
In a congress of such unanimity, the compromisario that dared Solitarily to vote against of the report of the gentleman While is piece of considerable value. 
At all neither is going to distract me, insisted Serra Ferrer, that not a satisfaction grimace when he asked by party. 
Gates has been a victim of this taut debate that, in accordance with the wide sleeve with that the Administration is to measure these subjects in EEUU, carry path of convulsing  to a society that exchange each day more of 25.000 millions of electronic messages, only in the labour field.
Thousands of payeses took yesterday in Lleida a strength exhibition in full Fira of Sant Miquel: declared person non grata to the conseller But by the charges of the Mossos of the Friday to break the blockade of the centres of distribution of hydrocarbons, and ratified that the heave of the diesel is the drop that satisfy the glass in sector depressed. 
And carriers initiate today strike of three days in all Spain, to the that will add the taxi Tuesday.
In front of the week hot that begins today, fit a question: is indispensable to keep a taxation of the fuels that countries have recessed?
temptation to return to the war exist, and is a sample of it that Marruecos have gone to put mines in the wall that divides territory.
Began with clock to the that he could touch needles and followed with a bag of double sugar to spend the half, a plate of soup that bent by inside, a towel with hole to nail the sombrilla, a a knife warmer to spread butter and one covers that allowed to take a sofrito without that salpashing. 
As Jesús González, producing executive of the documentaries, not only of a biography of Buñuel neither of a mere study of filmography, but also of a special vision of the film-maker, centred in his obsession by dreams.
And not only a question of space physical. 
Without embargo, there doubt that the immense majority of the presidents of the squads consider that the football is a species of particular farm in the that the only law that govern is the that simpose the will of owner of the property, is to say, them same.
On forcing of the outsourcing of commitments propensities no there at all that object, since is a measure of protection of the workers in suppositions of insolvency of employer.
Murdered a Sikh in Arizona, murdered a Pakistani in Dallas, 300 people try to attack mosque in Chicago, a woman and his son, stoned in Wyoming, a man tries to run to over Pakistani woman, found a suspicious package with appointments of Bin Laden and an ear of pig in mission of Afganistan in New York ... and more. 
César, a dominican that gives classes in Queens, saw during the first week that followed to the attack a fortnight of empty desks, the of his Arab students.
In spite of actions like the of president George Bush, that launched call to the tolerance and the respect from a mosque of Washington, in spite of speeches of the political and religious leaders explaining that the love and the peace are base of the islam, in spite of the peaceful interventions of famous Muslims like Mohamed Ali or the singer Cat Stevens - - Yusuf Islam - -, the recoil is undeniable.
In conference of back press, Duhalde described of very grave the sentence because, in his opinion, can carry to failure of the financial system and then, will earn lawyers, not the savers, underlined . 
Like the gentleman Núñez have said us that no can call foreigner to Dutch that work in Barcelona, can suggest the contrary path: in Holanda, according to survey of Inter View there is more of 100.000 places of work for covering.
I want to leave very clear, like fundamental premise, that no are in front of a war among doctors with the end of win position of privilege.
It is evident that those who prepare to happen an evaluation proof of knowledges examination MIR and to the overcoming follow a training regulated of varied years among three and five, according to the speciality have better conditions to qualify like qualified specialists that those who followed paths.
Sinatra is not, but comforts  that the greater legacy to the future of this country of grumbling have been a guffaw of cat that touch violin.
With a wine glass in the hand one imagine to Noé before shipping in his big ark, Ulysses stepping grapes for Polyphemus, to Dom Perignon in the darkness of the abbey of Hautvilliers uncovering the that would be the first bottle of champagne of history and shouting excited: Brothers, come, that is stars!
The text books offer to the pupils a vision of history of Spain balanced, universal and adjusted to the plural and democratic spirit inspired in the Constitution of 1978, as conclude an examination to manuals more sold made from Department of Didactics of the Social Sciences of the University of Barcelona UB.
Forty hooded launch molotov cocktails to a headquarters of the Civil Policeman.
Add Rafael Ribó, before ecosocialist and now a socialist echo: follows with a line of confidence in reduced and expensive circles to the powerful. 
border among Lebanon and Israel lived yesterday a dangerous climbing of violence, when the aviation of this last country bombed a season of Syrian radar situated to 60 kilometres of Beirut, in reprisal to an attack of Hezbollah perpetrated on Friday.
The goal was season of radar situated in the valley of the Bekaa, among places of Zajle and Baalbek. 
It worse of the vote loss and of seats of Left Joined is that now the leaders have confront regulation of employment as if were employers.
All can worsen in life and no it is to dismiss demonstration of workers solidarity with the sacked of IU.
Goromonzi Emmanuel Chitsaya, assistant of the curated in the barracks general of the African National Union ZANU-PF, the party in the power in Zimbabue from take 20 years, strives for showing that the occupation of the earths by the veterans of war not a question of whites against blacks and less an episode of the battle among the ZANU and the opposition Democratic Movement for Change MDC.
To his left, after ones hills, raises barrier of pertinent smoke, probably, of a busy farm.
Control roughly some 500 square metres of terrain, the necessary to deploy his arsenal: eight shops built with branches and plastics of bags of rubbish; a kitchen of consistent campaign in three barrels, in the that cook the sasa a dense paste of corn, of the that has still rests adhered in the bottom, and some utensils of kitchen, deployed on table elaborated with braided branches. 
Not at all that see with us, is house of the workers of farm, clear . 
Some kilometres more later, the car collects to Michael Kanyuchi, owner of fleet of 55 buses and varied trucks. 
By true, bear when a metre line that happen by the Estadi and the Palau Sant Jordi, where each day program acts and festivals and organises a big chaos? 
Ask to Posts that respect visibility of the drinking that have in square of Vallvidrera, planting the mailboxes among the pine and the post of the light: like this  enjoys of his vision with clarity and will be read a small chip of poetry of Joan Maragall, that say: Here are the forests of Vallvidrera which sentors give me...
week, first of February, is making the work of field of the Macro Survey of Centre of previous Sociological Investigations to the general elections, with a sample of 20.000 interviewed, that all the parties consider poll traditionally more reliable of all those that carried before ones election.
This is not a France, neither here nor a quota of feminine sex of the 50%, but are already looking for ministers, in addition to ministers.
Rather it is a visit of information , affirmed Insulza minutes after getting to Madrid. 
Are against of murders of innocent - - said Mubarak - - but how can take village if earth is occupied and he deny the right of seat in table of negotiation.
In a diary French read the statements of woman, of a North American pilot, that takes in varied of bombardments. 
fact that has more concerned to the authorities was the placing of a false bomb in the low of the car of employee of the British embassy, built of such form that only lacked explosive.
Many peaple have come asking that us return the amount of the note, but is Turbocat the one who has to solve the problem, no us, indicated employee of Falcon Travel. 
Hours before, the Israeli prime minister, Ehud Barak, called to his Army to prepare in front of a climbing of important violence, that could extend to other countries of zone, if in a near future does not advances based in initiative of peace of Clinton. 
The photo belongs to series of portraits that took the printer Enric Tormo to Cuixart, Brossa, Ponç and Tàpies, the creators of the review avant-garde  Dau to the set, air that cheered intellectually the grey 40.
signature of picture see clear, a signature of boy applied, a Brossa with letters very traced, the B a bit separate, the two eses together, line below that begins in the rim and that follow until happened the to.
inauguration of the corporeal poem will coincide with an exhibition of homage to artist, that will now posthumous.
Bacon mentioned in concrete the withdrawal of all the military strengths Serbian of Kosovo and the deployment of a strength of the NATO in the province to guarantee the peace and the return of refugees. 
CiU votes in the Parliament of Catalonia, beside the groups of left, request of withdrawal of the PHN.
agreement foresee investment of 24,1 millions of euros 4.010 of pesetas allocated to a new bridge on the river Segre, a covering of the roads, creation of an urban park at the end of the avenue of Prat of the Riba and the urbanisation of all the surroundings of season.
Cristóbal Castro, father of student of Professional Training FP of Tarragona, reported yesterday the fault of forecast of Ensenyament for excluding by fault of squares to the half of the students that requested a place in the new course bridge of half grade to upper grade in institute Vidal i Barraquer. 
Filed a disk of Sant Joan by drugs. 
While the authorities of Belgrado project image of unit, the NATO insisted yesterday in that the demoralisation have seized of the Army of Slobodan Milosevic and that each day increase the fractures in the breast of diet. 
Ensured that has produced an escape of soldiers to Macedonia.
No housed doubt that Milosevic will lose supports. 
In Vitoria, 600 people saved 15 minutes of silence, broken by one saves of applauses, like sample of pain and of conviction by the death of Jáuregui. 
Bush photo of right effected the first launching wearing jacket of firemen of New York. 
The president Uruguayan added that will carry medical examinations to confirm that exist a relation of kinship among the girl, that in the actuality is 24 years old, and the famous poet.
minister of Interior, Jaime Greater Ear, prpers it without bluntly the past July, in a parliamentary appearance: Neutralise offensive sovereignist of the Basque nationalism are politics of State.
Of here interest of Government in strengthening an alternative of freedom beside PSOE, in words of Aznar.
jurists cleared that president not already right to veto, when treating of a law of constitutional reform approved by the big majority of legislators. 
The voices critical that heaved against strategy designed by the direction took then the agreement of plant face in the congress of the party and the past Saturday presented in public, with names and surnames, during a tyre of celebrated press in the Biscayan capital. 
Asked by reporters of the ZDZ on if words were a threat, Weyrauch added that his opinion was so only one finding of facts of specialist.
Nevertheless, survey of The Washington Post revealed that rival, the senator by Arizona John McCain, is the candidate more presidential to scale national, as if elections of States Joined celebrated now, would beat by 56% to 39% to the likely candidate democrat, vice-president To the Gore.
And that will allow that inside four years are a reality of government. 
- -  No slope a transformation of mentalities and structure?
In the Census of 2010 had a population of 30104 inhabitants and a populational density of 1.395,18 people by km². 
approach is to open possibility that CiU can incorporate to Government of Spain from the constitutional loyalty and from a stake of project of Spain shared.
No to drop in errors of CiU, therefore the PP not exclude to those that not with a form of understand Catalunya neither monopolise dialogue.
Have a vice-president of the Parlament and spokesman of group and go to follow by line.
A boy of 11 years died, and other two of 10 and 12 resulted injured when producing a strong explosion in a station of the Palestinian police that previously had been occupied by the Israeli troops.
In the place of Rafah, situated in the south of the strip of Gaza, a girl of 2 years lost the life by the impact of a shell shot by an Israeli tank.
After the grave incidents of Tuesday, in the that a rain of stones caused that the police has abandon the place of the events, the governmental authority decided yesterday that the effective police kept expectant and not to avert new pitched battles. 
In fact, have promised a better service and an expansion supported in investment of 70.000 millions of pesetas. 
cathedral of Barcelona and surroundings suffered wave of painted of cut stanic in past June. 
chamber find among Aznar and Ibarretxe in palace of the Moncloa, that prolonged during hour and average, was chaired by a will of agreement very upper to the three previous, all them celebrated before ETA announced the imminent split of truce.
problem is that the nights musical of this TV always rhyme the same: a couple of sympathetic presenters are now Guillermo Romero and Patricia Betancort that keep surrealist dialogues to give entrance to performances with canned music. 
The Federation of Entities Religious Evangelic or Protestant of Spain issued a note in the that showed his worry by the fact that gesture positive convert in an image of integration of the protestantism to the roman Catholicism.
The Subject ministers External of Pakistan and the Indian broke yesterday the ice when finding in Katmandú, capital of Nepal, where celebratea a meeting of the seven countries of Asia of south.
To time that registered gestures of cordiality , an attempt in the part of Cashmere administered by the Indian caused dead and one twenty of injured. 
judge estimated that two mossos exceeded in functions when, the summer of 1996, they rebuked to the youngsters, that celebrated farewell of a bachelor party.
Today is paid 9,15 crowns the litre 174 pesetas and less bad that has dropped, say with resignation a Swedish driver while treat of fill the deposit of his Volvo S40 in a station in Malmoe, south of country.
For the Office State of Control of the Competition that investigated the subject, the informations that obtained were very concrete and, therefore, the investigation carried to the entity to sue to the five greater providers of Swedish fuels OK-Q8, Shell, Hydro, Statoil and Preem by quantity of 740 millions of crowns more of 14.000 millions of pesetas. 
Attack to an electrician to the that believed deputy of the PP and one radio station. 
To hour burst in door of his house carboy of camping gas and four bottles of flammable liquid. 
Explained that swim more access to presidency of the Parliament Basque received a call of Greater in the that he informed that name appeared in documentation confiscated to ETA. 
The defence of the financial allege that to this no suit elope because exist order of search and capture of Kuwait.
decision that only can consolidate the will of alienism of the one who deny to learn a tongue of usual communication in society in where it will live.
Before, from footpath of promenade of Prim you could not see the another because there is pollution.
So much she like his husband expect that open at last a stop of metre in the low part of the new Diagonal and, especially, that build more parkings for neighbours. 
In Catalunya, fire in wooded zone of the Turó of the Dona Morta, in Maçanet of the Jungle, forced yesterday to evacuate a quarantine of houses of urbanisation But Altaba.
The effective went withdrawing progressively during afternoon, although remained endowment of retain by if revived. 
All indications aim to that fire, that devastated zone of high ecological value, was intentional. 
With same time exerted like Promoter of Cooperatives of drinkable water rural among the regions IV and VIII and employed in office of rural sanitation..
THE POLICE COASTAL of Grecia received yesterday a call of help of a ship that happened in front of his coasts and that directed supposedly to island of Creta. 
Audience, that imposed pity of 28 years of prison to Luis Roldán by illicit enrichment, agreed in September takes to auction the farm, of 448 metres square and situated in urbanisation Cambrils-Port. 
Gil confronts to a request of 34 years by case Athletic.
The conviction more severe it was imposed to Emile Yusef Naser, that commanded a brigade of militia in south of the Lebanon. 
Castellví is an experienced diver that, besides, gives classes of this sport, whereas Curcoy runs a producer of video. 
The decree law will include a compensation by dismissal for the temporary agreements and the indefinite will enjoy of reduction of social quotas. 
This program include a capitalisation of 650 millions of dollars 127.000 millions of pesetas and changes in the labour conditions and salary of employees. 
But the register of Grass no delay in perspective of privileged interpreter of it that happen, but that configures vision to ground level of earth. 
On the other hand, he has taken reader with affinities elective of the big Goethe ... and biography of Rasputin.
Second, because the culture German, like bond and signal of collective identity of a part of Europe Central, it goes with a lot the politics and no a threat for neighbours. 
The kidnapping began to the 15.30 hours, when a man of 5 years, armed, as different witnesses, with a gun, a pomegranate of hand and knife, burst into the childish school and kidnapped to the boys and educators.
The current situation - - said - - generate a feeling of injustice.
The Ertzaintza informed yesterday of the dismantlement of a network of illegal adoption of Bolivian boys, that were delivered to Biscayan families by three millions of pesetas.
arrival of Fischer is a signal of importance on the work that come developing the Brazilian Government, said Parente.
The review economic Capital Letter spread a report of the signature Lafis that predicts for 1999 an inflation of the 50% in 1998 was of the 2,49%, a tax of change of 2,34 real by dollar until the beginning of the devaluation was of 1,23 and serious threats for stability of the Mercosur.
The police left alienated man who that retained to 25 boys in school of Luxemburgo. 
The kidnapper went gravely injured during operation lightning, that put end to nightmare of 29 hours for the distressed families. 
The kidnapper was armed of a gun, pomegranate of hand and knife. 
In the afternoon, after a night in in white, The kidnapper began to give signs of nervousness and appeared in a window of the school, protecting with a boy and sustaining in a hand pomegranate. 
Among them, a plant of dehydrogenation of propane, that built beside Sonatrach, and that will set at the beginning of the 2002 with 156 employees. 
markets received results of Telephone with rises, since had foreseen a reduction of benefits of until the 6%.
To closing of session, Telephone rose the 7,45% and accumulates a revaluation of 1,9 trillions in week.
The father worked like driver of trucks in company of materials of construction and mother was master of house.
The first day 14 in Castell-Platja dAro Baix Empordà, when a man of 34 years killed to his two daughters twins with shotgun of hunting and afterwards suicide.
THE AUTHORITIES of Agadir have imposed fine of 38,5 millions of pesetas 232.000 euros to the Lameiro One, a fishing Galician with 13 crewmen, accused of fishing without licence in Moroccan waters.
youngster of 14 years of Sabadell whose parents are of guinean origin was victim the past Tuesday of aggression of racist character by part of two individuals of aesthetics skin. 
The small, that suffers some respiratory difficulties own of a baby premature, weighed 1.290 grams and measured 34 centimetres, normal characteristics in gestation of 29 weeks. 
priest denies communion to the woman of couple in fact. 
The price of the Swedish licence consider moderate, since the winning consortiums will has contribute less of two trillions of pesetas by the possibility of operate in a country with a quota of penetration of the mobile telephony upper to the 60%.
Everything it carried the optimism to the market, that closed with a rise of 79,80 points the 0,80% in the Ibex 35 and of 7,66 points also of the 0,80% in the general index. 
The Belgian airline has increased his initial forecast of 400 dismissals in a staff of 11.233 employees, and look saving of 115.472 millions of pesetas. 
MORE of A 85% of workers of sector of the metal of Berlin and Brandeburgo supported yesterday an announcement of strike to defend an increase of wages of the 6,5%.
Before triumphing in Hollywood take in varied musical theatrical Grease, The rocky horror picture show, militated in a rock band Old Foot of Grunts, with the that recorded a disk in 1997 and starred ten of Australian films.
The one who breaks law, says the text North American, will be be condemned to 10 years of prison and to a fine of at least million of dollars, wall of 200 millions of pesetas.
In 1997, Clinton decreed moratorium of five years that prevented the finance public of the investigations, but not the private works. 
Arrested by thefts in motorways after a persecution of 100 kilometres. 
Mohamed A., of 38 years and Algerian nationality, was surprised by a patrol of Traffic when embezzled objects of cars.
The Ministry of Public Works begins tomorrow construction of the new road of Josa and Tuixén a Gósol Berguedà, a road that will join two regions Pyrenean and that will suppose investment of 1.350 millions of pesetas.
Up to now, the only road that communicate the two first regions is track of earth that is in bad conditions for circulation of vehicles. 
By reason, have incorporated to the project a series of measures that ensure the protection of the valuable surroundings natural. 
The presidency Spanish, that yesterday he only had to face to the protests of a thirty of members of union of the National Body of Police that demanded improvements salary, first also with a stake by the community and new patents improvements to protect the marks in front of the new circumstances derivative of Internet. 
The Antimonopoly Authority  of Italy imposed yesterday one super-fine of almost 70.000 millions of pesetas to 38 companies of insurances by have put of agreement in the establishment of rates. 
At the beginning of the past June, Antimonopoly Authority, that in Italy have judicial powers, imposed to eight companies oil a fine of some 60.000 millions of pesetas by the same reason: had agreed the price to the detail of petrols.
With entrance in States Joined, in 1995, Fisas saw need of sell directly to the public and transform in company of cosmetic. 
It is all invention of press, has declared the ex tennist, the one who like other famous has used his page of Internet to clear things. 
Ports of the Generalitat will also for integrate the ports and his facilities in surroundings social and municipal in the that are situated and will promote the sailor culture, by means of the promotion and the promotion of activities that suppose an improvement of the cultural offer, tourist and social. 
Vicente Martínez Pujalte, of the PP, said that discount of taxes could have negative effects if the oil the will take advantage to rise benefits. 
Yesterday was made public list of the dead; victim younger is a girl of 13 years, that died Monday at night. 
accident that caused death of a girl in the crossing of the street of Aragó with the walk of Gràcia, in front of the ancient Fashion Coffee, has been paid with a fine of 120.000 pesetas, a year of withdrawal of the card and compensation of 19,7 millions of pesetas. 
The symbolic pity not caused surprise, since the driver has been condemned by a fault of imprudence slight, after the Audience of Barcelona dismissed the resource of the fiscal, that insisted in that the run mortal have to be considered offence of homicide by imprudence. 
thesis of the indictment public was dismissed so much by the judge instructor as by the Audience of Barcelona, that ordered that the case went judged by fault of  light negligence slight with result of death and injuries. 
The magistrate fixed a compensation of 19,7 millions of pesetas for the familiar of girl died and 813.000 pesetas for one of the others two boys that resulted injured.
The headline of Court of Instruction number 3 of Vic, Gladis López, yesterday took the the citations of the three monitors and an order to the Mossos dEsquadra so that effect a reconstruction of the facts, also the next week, according to judicial sources. 
This unrest promoted to the republicans to not brushing the case Lewinsky in the electoral campaign until hardly a week before the elections, when launched his last salvo against the democrats with a series of television announcements supported in the sexual scandal.
By against, the Parent Federation Separate asks from 1995 a reform of the law of divorce for considering that he discriminates them. 
The public asks year of prison and compensation of 20 millions of pesetas for José Barnes Legs, administrator of the proprietary company of the real of the street of Roger of Flower of the that, in October of 1996, dropped one fell that killed to girl of 3 years Ana Collantes.
The indictment particular requests for the processed three years of prison and compensation of 50 millions of pesetas. 
Nevertheless, in 1995 dropped one fell of a balcony of the floor seventh, although without causing damages. 
Seven months after event of the street of Roger of Flower, in May of 1997, a woman of 37 years, Carmen Esquerra Paduelles, died when  a rubble fell of the façade of a building of the street of Trafalgar when accompanied to his son to school. 
The third death in circumstances similar produced the 22 of February of 1998, when a rubble that dropped from a façade of a building of the walk of Gràcia dropped on a German tourist. 
The operation will include also a resorting of the urban plot, Corbacho explained , and will facilitate that the streets of Enric Mulberry and of Bacardi, that at present at in limits of the industrial plant, end in the Big Road, beside season of the Ferrocarrils. 
Prey of the nervousness and of the anger, one twenty of travellers surrounded to one stewardess and He was about to lynch her verbally.. 
Struggled by each work with an illusion of first day. 
The hotel establishment has prepared a series of activities that will begin the 30 of December and will finalise the 2 of January, including a visit to it more singular of Barcelona, sessions of cinemas, walks very special in bicycle, a mass in the basilica of Saint Maria of the Sea and, of course, gala of End of Year, with environments differentiated for adults, young and boys. 
According to spokesman of sample, Marichalar showed impassive for no scare to the boy and remained five minutes more visiting exhibition. 
spokesman of CIU in the Commission Mixed for the EU, Ignacio Guardans, lined yesterday of shameful the signing of Bangemann, because, in his opinion, this decision is form of  discrediting  of the CE.
The staff reduction of the 54.000 employments current to 44.000 frame in the program Energy 21, that has like goal a decrease of costs of the 30% in three years.
To them, us ask that not glimpsed in situations of shock, that avert first flat or short planes of people injured or in situation of suffering; that leave to using the zoom, like a form of approaching to reality, and that when informing not neither attribute responsibilities without being confirmed.
Yesterday it fell in front of the Fiorentina 1-0 and prpers it with one coin of his own wood: Mijatovic.
brothels will has deliver receipt to the customer that prpers it, with VAT included, and the interested can even achieve a subvention of authorities to open a new brothel.
places have never allowed the businesses of sex by moral reasons, but now, thanks to the law, any employer will is reach a permission to open a brothel, as if was a shop of a butcher shop. 
After happening some years in red number, the company returned to the balance the past exercise and restarted the path of the growth, with turnover of 6.500 millions of pesetas and a year-one-year increase of the 30%.
company is leader in sector and among his customers appear the sectors of automotion, the appliances - - the fridges have in his interior an average of three kilos in tubes of copper and brass - - or installers of air conditioned.
His rival, Czech Daniel Vacek, all the viewers of the track seven, and, given the volume of his wail, would say that noticed until those that tasted by 900 pesetas a hamburger in area of rest no very near. 
quarter of lEstació of Sallent sink average of two centimetres and half to year. 
Down, he has been able celebrate his 16º anniversary with party that, first of all, seemed catchment of partners.
The group pretend now confront an enlargement of capital, by a minimum value of 4.000 millions of pesetas and research of new partners.
At the end a demonstration of one of these historical crafts unsinkable that had like mission rescue of shipwrecked.
world, certainly, very male chauvinistic, that has removed Sara in plan gale: The Flemish was thing of men; now belongs of all, of men and women. 
If one does not find the one who will ensure, will remain the Compensation Consortium, although that nobody deceive, began with premium of 37.000 pesetas and in few months he has return until the 57.000.
Afterwards the own competition and law of market will finish deriving in a discount of the prices or in system more just so that not just by sinners. 
Our heralds diplomatic inflate chest in front of subjects more arduous of life international, announce great projects, pontificate  on how resolve the problem of Orient Next, the external debt, the human rights and the quadrature of the circle for, finally, issue a string of similar commonplaces to resolutions of the European Parliament or of the own EU on the elections in Kazakhstan or the tragic scuffle Chechen riot. 
took so fatuous that pretended to be emanation of Allah and that has to replace to Prophet, to the one who The Misericordioso have in Paradise.
we were supposed that have an hour of baths & half hour of massage, and at the end at only half hour of massage.
The slaughtering was so great that thousands of corpses not be buried, by it that little afterwards the Christian troops resulted decimated by an epidemic of plague produced by the putrefaction  of bodies.
Besides, in large rivers as can see in basin of the Orinoco surface of the water presents a strong bluge where the current is faster which gives origin, to his time, to series of vortexes or eddies turning in time sense to the right bank and counterclockwise on the left. 
England has the center and south of the two third parts of island of Big Bretaña, in addition to a series of small islands of the largest the more great be Island of Wight.
Hardyi cousin Sybarita is a subspecies of coleopteron of the Endomychidae family.
The atactostela is a variant of the eustela, characteristic of the monocots, with take vascular collateral or concentric scattered regularly in all the cut because of his longitudinal sinuoso route. 
So much grave like coffin have disintegrated, and everything is covered with a coat of centimetre of bread of gold and stucco. 
-- The actriz Zsa Zsa Gabor will be subjected today to a hip operation after the fall that suffered weekend and by the that was admitted in the Medical Centre Ronald Reagan of the University of California in The Angels UCLA, informed today diary The Angeles  Times. 
In the Census of 2010 had a population of 6915 inhabitants and a populational density of 1.145, 39 people by km².
The SuperSonics also set records of NBA in the assistance to the playoffs in an alone party in 1978 and 1980 with crowd of 39.457 and 40.172 respectively, also no longer work. 
The hummingbird of belly green or amazilia colimorada Amazilia viridigaster is species of hummingbird of family Trochilidae.
Very near of the second, in hill of Are places to foot of the Montcau, found four found of cista dated like Visigoths thanks to a fibula of bronze. 
The request description of research query comprise the characteristics of the request, understood like a description of a content to the that user wants access.
The vice-president of Federation of Students of the University Santiago of Chile Feusach, Felipe Salgado, explained in a tyre of press that among subjects that debated were the social agreement and the results of meeting with Opposition block agreement. 
Among roughly the 3300 aC to 2000 aC, the tribes neighbouring of the zone of the Sandy experienced a decrease of population.
The criticisms internal by his performance in the «Gürtel» has give step to a renewal of confidence by part of some integral of the national direction of party.
We also have of a hall of joints with capacity for twelve people. 
In 1922 burst a rebellion of these workers backed by the Communist Party of Sudáfrica under the Hard-working slogan of World join by one Sudáfrica white.
This zone distributed in Merindades, form of organisation very different to system of Communities of Villa and Earth followed in the designate Extremadura Spanish the border zone more dangerous situated south of the Duero during part of the Reconquest, specifically until conquest of Toldo in 1086. 
The strong winds of southwest transported a mass of humid air to the northeast through the Coast of the Gulf and Valley of Tennessee.
This litigation carried to series of changes in the right of the Realm Joined that took to the collective demands more difficult.
In the Census of 2010 had a population of 677 inhabitants and a populational density of 1.193,57 people by km².
The city was born in the century XIV like a sloboda of artisans and commercial settlement tied to the monastery of the Annunciation according to diverse sources to initiative in 1332 of the muscovite prince Iván Danílovich or by Sergio of Rádonezh. 
In the Census of 2010 had a population of 1765 inhabitants and a populational density of 370,77 people by km². 
The BUT went a paramilitary group created at the beginning of years 1980 in reprisal by the kidnapping by part of the guerrilla group M - 19 of sister of the Ochoa. 
In this way, reiterates that reduction of debt, in form of remove or by moods more complex, would carry to a discount of the quality of the debt that would impade the finance of State. 
In the year 2010 had a population of 7 inhabitants and a populational density of 0,08 people by km².
In 1944, the workshops mechanical of workshops built The Fidelita 296, a locomotive of steam that is a symbol of all a period for the village Acambarense, and that finds in exhibition in the playground of the museum of Railway of workshop.
Together with brother César, proceeded of family of the fine society of Cádiz.
Malthinus membranaceus is a species of coleopteron of family Cantharidae.
Ascensión is an origin island volcanic situated in the ocean Atlantic, to half path among America and Africa, on the Plate south America, to brink of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.
specialists predicted that storm could convert in a hurricane of category 5, analysing the possible path that would follow the hurricane, with 5 days of anticipation, finding the hurricane to 250 km 155 miles of Lewes, Delaware, with speed of 185 km h 115 mph. 
Like national organism, has a network of centres distributed.
The plant industrial belonged to ICMESA Industrie Chimiche Meda Societ, a subsidiary of Givaudan, which was to time, a subsidiary of Hoffmann - The Roche. 
As mood has frequency of cut associated, the frequency of the signal to transmit will has be greater that the frequency of cut, of way the electromagnetic energy will transmit through guide without mitigation. 
film followed to student to the one who is assigned mate of chamber that early early back obsessive. 
Sunday of Resurrection or Easter takes to half day the mass of resurrection where a significant an important number of people, which happened the mass accompany to an image Jesús Christ Resurrected by the streets of the village, this hard some five hours and is habit of a lot of neighbours take all the journy, that visits the ancient confin of the village, this procession characterise for leaving a mark of petals of flowers that indicates the path of Jesús and by that the accompanying carry canes of sugar with everything and leaves which has serve to adorn the course, many of the streets are adorned with garlands that are put by the neighbours, with a crowd of designs of the more creative. 
Fusconaia barnesiana is a species of bivalve mollusc of family Unionidae.
Splitting of sum in the  neighborhood reality, not to the USD 20.000, or was  80.000 by house and taking into account 5.000, can estimate need of 1250 houses, roughly, at a rate of one each four people.
This area is also a stop of 91 species of migratory birds.
The Temper offend to the of Seville, those of Seville offends to the Grove , is it more seemed to an explanation of why litigate among them that mention inside the game, but the exact reason is never know, be that as, the Ballas and Vagos took advantage  the internal fights to win influence in Idlewood and Willowfield.
The genome is linear, no divided, with length of 9,6 to 12,3 kilobases.
Active like  a decorator from 1676, with his brother Francesco worked in Mirandola, Modena and Novellara, making a series of cycles of frescos at present destroyed.
In the Census of 2010 had a population of 555 inhabitants and a populational density of 824,18 people by km². 
The program The Insider also aired the Tuesday videos of Maria Shriver praising to the Guatemalan Mildred Baena in party of one of the relatives of Baena.
The Lanzadera Imperial Tyridium or Lanzadera class Lambda was a ship of fiction inside universe of Star Wars.
Rotundabaloghia zicsii is an arachnid species of the order Mesostigmata of family Uropodidae.
At the end, in night of New Year, she when having a talk with his brother convinces that in reality if love to Cruci by it that decides to look for it, getting to one gas station and asking that they take to his car the water and the oil for deviate the engine.
His more recent apparition for the public Latin American finds in the commercial of The Palace of Iron titled The chewed red, which represents the history of The Cinderella only that instead of leaving a sneaker, the woman forgets his wallet in which fins a card of Palace of Iron. 
In the year 2010 had a population of 4672 inhabitants and a populational density of 54,78 people by km².
Lepanthes helicocephala, is a species of Epífita orchid native of the Neotropicos.
The part more thrilling of the study was when could identify the cells of Dunaliella in the glasses, because were indications that could have a source of food, explained Schubert to page web Our Amazing World.
The review Japanese Famitsu contributes in his next number the presentation of a remastering of two titles of saga Resident Evil specifically the forth split and Code Veronica.
image represents with arrows in hand and in the another stone of mill. 
Limia sulphurophila is a fish species of the family of the pecillidae in order of the ciprinodontiformes.
Lothal built on a hump existent in a zone of marshes flooded by tides.
When began to direct his own groups of Gestalt therapy, knew to John Grinder and initiated period of intense conjoint work.
friend José Luis López Cerrón attends to hotel of the squad Astana with ones sirloins  bought by commission in butcher's of Irún.
Mayte and María were renowned Baccara, by a rose variety of cut long and, later this same year, an eponymous album, writing and produced by Soya and Frank Dostal, was launched to market. 
The population tends to decrease, and for 2011 register a loss of more of the 30 % regarding 1985.
admiral Karl Dönitz, substitute of Raeder from Battle of Sea of Barents the 31 December of 1942, decided that the ships needed an opportunity to operate together, by it that ordered an attack in island of Spitzbergen, where found a British meteorological season and base of replenishment of fuel.
In the year 2010 had a population of 389 inhabitants and a populational density of 2,27 people by km². 
In the year 2010 had a population of 8.411 inhabitants and a populational density of 568.3 people by km².
Allapoderus corporali is a species of coleopteron of family Attelabidae. 
Keep relation of couple with woman younger, Alice, with the that has a difficult coexistence because of his bad character and jealousies.
In the Census of 2010 had a population of 8.679 inhabitants and a populational density of 246,85 people by km². 
The Museum and Botanic Garden of Cheekwood in English: Cheekwood Botanical Garden and Museum of Art, is a museum, arboretum and botanic garden in farm of private property of 55 acres 220,000 m².
wings were designed with greater thickness and span that the of commercial planes previous, giving like result that the plane have more useful charge, a greater scope, a better performance in the takeoff and altitude of cruise higher. 
After a work day or of tourism, the customer will be relax in the zone Spa & Wellness, where will find inner pool, Finnish sauna, bath of steam, showers of contrasts and space for massages.
Gauguin showed, among others works, a series of reproductions that took to instances of Theo Van Gogh, known like Volpini suit.
Taking the advantsge that day of the  Valentine coincides in Sunday, signature has prepared special rates for all the weekend in selection of national and international cities.
Likewise, the instructor explained that the reform of the code of family and the position of the woman in Morocco, that carries the King Hassan II, collected varied important reforms, among them the of the code of the family that has carried to situate to the woman in a fundamental paper in the Moroccan society, that not more that a continuity of the reform that began in 1993, with the campaign of a million of signatures for reform of the Mudawana Union of feminine action. 
Expect a progress significant to a solution political before the month of the Ramadan, has said Davutoglu during tyre of press. 
To the assist to the taking of protest of the new directive of the Coparmex in Oaxaca, chaired by the employer Oswaldo García Jarquín, Gutiérrez Candiani, said that to all us competes the helplessness and the decomposition that suffer a lot of communities of the country, live or no in them, this, is a fight of the nation, no only of a government, requires of the wide agreement of the society, of the distinct levels of government and of the political strengths.
Roberto Henríquez, headline of this dependency governmental, expressed by means of a note of press that, in this sense, the country finds in process of international integration constant. 
To the 9:30 of the morning of this Monday was launched a bomb of home-made manufacture to the offices of Edenorte, situated in the street Mario Baldera of the sector Juan Alberto Espínola, causing slight wounds in the left arm to a private watchdog and  destroying  windows of the frontal part of venue.
In session of Thursday also have been to listen the conversations that the watchdog, that found in the guard of security, had with the Mossos d Esquadra, but from the recording that took the police -- of better quality that the recordings of audio that has already of a house of security of property Tous --.
The business banking of Cajastur value in 1.759, 7 millions of euros, by the that receives 792 millions of actions, with premium of broadcast of 967,7 millions of euros, whereas the banking business of Box of Extremadura value in 457,4 millions of euros, by the that receives 217,8 millions of actions, with premium of broadcast of 239,6 millions of euros.
Are remodelling gymnasium, but would not has be excuse for bicycles so bad that have for cycle, shame of maintenance.
The system complete of a house of video receives the name of chain of house and state of the head of house, that is the part that is in the part or in the place of the production, and the season base - or base station - that is the part of the house that the join with the rest of system of production.
The nickel break plan of production and of exports in 6 one thousand 700 tonnes, it that meant to leave of entering some 120 millions of dollars, also in conditions of a situation of prices more favourable that the planned in Plan. 
After varied attempts, Beecham finally applied a patent of protection of EE.UU. 
for the drug in 1981, and the patents of EE.UU. 
4.525.352, 4.529.720, and 4.560.552 were conceded in 1985. 
Gopets is a company of Korea so big part of players will talk any Asian tongue and English.
song won infamy is being the Hungarian song of suicide, since, according to an urban legend, this song inspired a series of real suicides of people that the listened although it is to clear not there any data that endorse the quoted legend neither reference any in press or any another publication of period.
The two plaintiffs asked yesterday in the historical trial to the repressors of the Subzona 14 conviction of 25 years for the nine processed, accused of offences of kidnappings and tortures. 
In the disk have dumped his influences of indie pop, Spanish rock and British style, melodies pop with sounds raw and conclusive, that remain reflected in a collection of ten songs takes until the more minimum detail and with production of high level. 
Nuñez of Balboa is season of lines 5 and 9 of the Metre of Madrid situated in district of Salamanca.
Even so, if seat curiosity, we leave after the jump pair of links to the threads of work that has formed on the subject in XDA - Developers, as well as with a video where can get idea of how the HD2 looks with east touch to Android 2.3. 
The municipal term of Linares covers an extension of 19792 km².
This disk has 4 covers, Fantasma of Melero, Still one song of love of Joaquin Sabina, Bird of step of Sandro and Straight to hell of The Clash.
In case of the legumes, the compounds antimicrobic of the isoflavonoids class are synthesized from L-phenylalanine road series of enzymes like the L-phenylalanine  - ammonialiase PAL, 4 - coumarate: Coenzyme A 4CL ligase and Chalcone synthase CHS that control important steps in the sub - routes of synthesis. 
These roles include figure of authority, tasks that each one has fulfil and and an iron discipline. 
The 25 % of requests of the forage for animals of the zoo grows in land own of surface of 30 hectares 74,13 acres. 
During the procedure of evaluation of impact environmental, in writing of on 6 April of 2010, the General Direction of Quality and Environmental Evaluation requested to the CHE that evaluated a series of alternatives, that no only not evaluated by the promoter, but that besides, are viable and with a lower economic cost and environmental, as show the reports presented by the ONG and scientists.
In the Census of 2010 had a population of 507 inhabitants and a populational density of 91,01 people by km².
Any of the structures federal departments and agencies can influence in this election, since not any tradition of nomination in subject.
In the Census of 2010 had a population of 212 inhabitants and a populational density of 524,7 people by km².
The recording is a reconstruction of a complete mass, for which have added the rest of the singings that constitute the Own of the Mass, choosing the festivity of the Purification of the Virgin of on 2 February for such purpose 
It brings of azur and custody of gold among two palms of it same and the Holy Form of silver. 
Oecomys speciosus is a species of rodent of family Cricetidae. 
Begin on the sector comprised of the centrical helmet, that comprises the Saint Avenue Martín, Street 25 of May, Admiral Brown, Avenue Costanera, where visits the geographic accident the cove, by his historical meaning, taking reference the arrival of the fuselage National Policeman, construction of the telegraphic line, settlement of the first settlers, in his European majority and a description of the houses that remain intact in place. 
shield of Saint Faith of the Panadés is canton shield , of argent, one grid of sabre with the mango in tip;
Already in the platform series of fences and anti-noise screens guide to the passengers until plane. 
House a population of 81.188 inhabitants and presents diverse peculiarities fruit of his position geographic and history, so much in the composition of population and his economic activities, as in his culture fruit of the exemplary coexistence of Christians, Muslims, Jewish and hindus. 
House a population of 364 inhabitants INE 2011 in 139 houses. 
The idea main of this algorithm arises of graphic requirements in computing and base in the fact that a restriction of a curve of Bézier is also curve of Bézier. 
club, that found in stage of accelerated growth, needed urgently a new headquarters that could satisfy needs.
Ellery find any evidence that Jim has intention of poisoning to Nora and, after wedding, she shows some symptoms of poisoning by arsenic.
Chthonius corsicus is an arachnid species of the order Pseudoscorpionida of family Chthoniidae.
In the year 2010 had a population of 2158 inhabitants and a populational density of 23,37 people by km².
Cteniloricaria platystoma is a fish species of the family Loricariidae in order of the Siluriformes. 
Although there is always possibility that was a discomfort momentary motivated by something that at all at to see with crisis of couple. 
Labeo row is a fish species of the family of the Cyprinidae in order of the Cypriniformes.
Said quantity us will offer opportunity of enjoying of tablet of 10 inches with the expected processor of double core AMD Arms with charts AMD HD 6250, 32 BG SSD, 4 GB by heart RAM DDR3, WiFi and Bluetooth, two houses and ports HDMI, USB 2.0 and slot SD.
reign was period of relative prosperity for this class, in spite of state almost constant of war. 
Buy an installation of 100 kilowatts with them takes 3 years and up to now no have had not problem.
Videodrome is a film of science Canadian fiction of 1983 directed and written by David Cronenberg and starred by James Woods, Sonja Smits and Deborah Harry. 
A version with unit of disk incorporated to the right of screen of the terminal converted in the H89. 
In the year 2010 had a population of 175 inhabitants and a populational density of 1,9 people by km².
His first novel, Gospel of Satanás The Gospel of the Bad, the which was published in the 2007, sold more of 200.000 copies and is at present object of dozen of translations all over the world.
He also devoted to business publishing and reedited, among other dramas, the novel of Isaac Bashevis Singer Satan in Goray in edition of luxury.
Since dungeon built was in use, Dutroux chained to girls to a bed in a room of house.
In the Census of 2010 had a population of 18978 inhabitants and a populational density of 2.386,79 people by km².
According to estimate 2010 had a population of 31 354 inhabitants. 
This hit could be road by the which, later in this same year, Andrew received an invitation of Robert Stigwood who was to same time the manager of the Bee Gees to launch his international career signing by seal label, RSO Records.
economy of will Iran is an economy of transition where a continuous growth elevated of strength labour not matched a real economic growth it that carries to a level of unemployment considerably higher that the official estimates of the 11 %.
The Tower Aliabad is a tower of the historical grave of the century 14 wall of the city of Bardaskan in province Iranian of Jorasan Razavi. 
Not clear to which activity of Friday referred Ferguson, although this day has foreseen a conference of press in the day of the party of Saturday in Wembley. 
The place in the year 2000, had a population of 1.681 inhabitants in a surface of 8 km², with a populational density of 535.7 people by km².
Mordellistena wickhami is a species of coleopteron of the Mordellidae family. 
In 1979 spear his career in solitary with the simple Kingdom Eat David Bowie took a version of this song in his album Scary Monsters, since has a big appreciate by music, and edit his first self-titled LP.
Of starter ask a table of cheeses and gold meet Italian that was very good. 
Although Stevenson had been the presidential candidate of the Democrat Party in 1952 and 1956 and still maintained public faithful of liberal and intellectual, his two overwhelming defeats in front of the republican Dwight Eisenhower carried to the bosses of the party to a research of a cool face that there is a better opportunity of of win the general elections of November.
The example following illustrates the elements basic of database of flat archive.
quoted This cecilia for the second time in the 2000 in a place situated to an altitude of 600 meters in Pekalongan Java Central.
It is found in the forests to a height of 2700 -- 3900 metres, in Gansu, Shaanxi, Sichuan and Yunnan. 
The reed warbler of thick beak Acrocephalus aedon is a passerine bird species of the family Sylviidae that inhabits the zone tempered of east of Asia.
During his congress Árd Fhéis of 1917 the party is to divide among monarchic and republican until, by means of a motion of commitment, proposed the establishment of republic independent in the that the village could decide if wished a monarchy or a republic, with the condition that if opted by the monarchy, any member of the real family British could be proclaimed monarch.
In the year 1839, he was born of family of German immigrants of Jewish origin, John Davison Rockefeller, a youngster with a peculiar fascination by businesses.
Georgina Meneses García better known like Geo Meneses 22 March 1974 in Oaxaca of Juárez, México, is a producer and Mexican singer of traditional music in his musical style merge boleros, sounds istmeños with jazz, blues and pop, in his repertoire interprets traditional sounds, as well as subjects of Mexican composers where take a mix of hythms in the sounds of states of Oaxaca and Veracruz.
Using the references current for the design of HiPER, the two lasers inductor and heater inject wall of 270 kJ in total but generate of 25 to 30 MJ, it that means gain of around 100.
The theatre contained one column of marble and of porphyry  on the frons scænae, numerous statues and epigraphical ornaments of quality.
During the II World-wide War, the government promoted a series of investigations and studies, so that the Bureau of Applied Social Research had the Ministry of War like main source of income. 
A size is a drama of sculpture, especially in wood.
In accordance with the bassist Pat Seals, the song treats of a feeling of watch to the unknown future with hope.
With the collapse of the Califato Omeya, Constantino V launched a series of expeditions to interior of Syrian, it that ensured a Byzantine hegemony in the oriental border of the empire that kept until decade of the 770. 
Was stopped of a line of ships to steam. 
It is corregion of desert that occupy extension of 45.700 kilometres square along the coast of the north of Namibia and south of Angola.
Possess a wall of corners softened and factory of granite moldings in Latin, opus vittattum, with 3,20 metres of height and semi-cylindrical battlements. 
Beierius walliskewi walliskewi is an arachnid species of the order Pseudoscorpionida of family Cheliferidae. 
When occurs any situation of danger, both leave his differences and work together being in a lot of efficient occasions.
industrial Shots in his futuristic design of Piano and luxury five stars define the style of the new NH Lingotto Tech, an establishment of avant-garde that incorporate an impressive area of boutiques the called Gallery Eight, hall of concerts and gallery of art projected by Piano It Scrigno. 
Stadium Luis Poplars Luque, situated in city of Chañaral Chile, has capacity of 3.000 viewers.
The estanqueros or the of Portals was a group political Chilean of conservative tendency that organises around the figure of Diego Portals, the one who thanks to liberalisation of the trade after the independence devoted to trade a series of products tobacco, liquor, cards, tea and other articles of foreign origin to low cost, as handled monopoly, or tight. 
After a long period of intellectual drowsiness, the nobility Spanish decided, no already to fund, but to take in company of cultural and ideological character.
tyres of shovels were driven by four machines of steam that developed a power of 1.000 CV, and the propeller was driven thanks to machine of 4 cylinders with 2,13 m, that was fed by six boilers and developed 1600 CV.
Have a population of 258 inhabitants 2011. 
clash among majority of the politburo and the minority headed by Zinoviev sharpened in the autumn, with the exchange of mutual indictments, including the of the murder by Stalin of Mijaíl Frunze, commissioner of Defence that had died during an operation of surgery advised by the politburo and that had supposed the nomination at the front of the station to candidate of Stalin, Kliment Voroshílov.
In date publish also version reviewed of his Constitution of 1906 of the Or.T.Or., including a Synopsis of the Grades and a summary of the Message of the Teacher Thérion in appendix.
The village in the year 2000 has a population of 1.163 inhabitants in a surface of 35.1 km², with a populational density of 40.2 people by km².
Then seh takee flag of revolution to lead campaign of violence and destruction that he allow to avenge .
The establish that state of right is insufficient to take reality principle formally consecrated of the equality, as the legislator or he takes, inside state, the social relations of can, converting like this the right in expression of the but strong. 
After getting to the season, Ethan begins to have problems of his anxiety owing to his agoraphobia, although reach to surpass the situation and locate the box office, Ethan leaves to a motel where open the box, here there gun, a mobile telephone and a figure of Origami, in addition to a message in the phone where put Until where would be had by save to son. 
Arose like quarter in the decade of the fifty around cooperative of houses created by parish of Jesús Divine Worker. 
That want meat cut of a form different as they cut it, that the bread prpers it but morenito, without problems, always that go of holidays to spa not of visiting to commission a box of lemons or of peaches, owners and super cheap!
To next day when washing it gave us account that in the bumper rear there is some stains a species of drops that under have reached to go with the step of washes. 
Hyporhagus tibialis borealis is a subspecies of coleopteron of family Monommatidae.
passport must have force of at least six months of validity and is necessary a visa, that obtain in the airports of Egypt without photos to arrival.
To situation, that shares with other events cultural, add claim of the General Society of Authors and Editors SGAE of 14.000, by the rights of author of the editions of 2007, 2008 and 2009, a debt that neighbours have ensured that not credit.
A star PMS will appear more «inflated» that star of main sequence. 
Fun Central is a very nice concept because no only have track of ice but, bowling, restaurant, games and much more.
Until principles of century XX, island had one village of settlers that ploughed his earths: situates at the side of the small jetty, in the part south of the island, and today you can still the rests of houses among the exuberant vegetation.
World s Strictest Parents In Latin America known eat: Rebellious Teenagers is a television program, reality style where two teenagers problematic generally a boy and a girl, are sent to live with a family of strict rules, in an attempt of his parents for changing lives.
In Marruecos employ in the tajine - plates prepared, including kefta meatballs with tomato, the mqualli a mix of lemon and chicken, and the mrouzia plate with meat of lamb dressed with plums and almonds.
With headquarters in Gin Swiss, ICVoluntarios has offices and permanent representation in series of countries, including France, South Africa, Mali, Spain, Brazil and Canada.
Sondrio in Italian Province gave Sondrio is a province of the Lombardy region of Italy.
The Dacnis blue or turquoise honeycreek Dacnis cayana is a species of bird of family of the tanager, that find from Nicaragua until and north of Argentinian.
As Pujol, not subject to fine part of institutions of the country to spiral of tension in a moment in that would has occupy of other priorities, like putting stop to the destruction of employment, after the number of unemployed registered in the Offices of Employment of Catalonia to the term of the month of January have go in 22.122 people regarding the previous month. 
In the year 2010 had a population of 2090 inhabitants and a populational density of 30,69 people by km².
Every year, just before the Day of the Mother, the Administration of the Social Insurance publish a list of the names more commonly used by the recently is year previous in the States Joined, based in the appeals of cards of the Social Insurance.
Valley of Poanas is region situated south of the state of Durango, that comprises the whole of the municipalities of Poanas, Vicente Warrior, Name of God and partiality of Súchil. 
In the year 1989 counted in the Alpes 5.154 glaciers with surface of around 3.000 km².
he added to opera prologue, Terpsicore, that consisted in a series of arias, choral movements and orchestral music for dance.
From it obtain a panoramic of the fortifications of Fog and Mancera. 
Best is one municipality and a population of the province of Brabante Northern, Low Countries.
Monomma haafi is a species of coleopteron of family Monommatidae.
His first objective were some coastal batteries, that were bombed to distance of around 25 km, and all the shots were observed by a Fieseler Fi 156 Storch of the Luftwaffe assigned especially to cannon. 
In base to a solid defence and conclusive attack and, took that rival loomed with reach it, consolidated a is difference with his perseguidores, that kept until the last dates, when topped champion the 4 of December in The Bombonera, to 2 dates of the ending of the tournament and take advantage of 12 points to his escort. 
To the treat of heterogeneous products, producer has a true power of market on the sake that produces, by it that the monopolistic competition can define like structure of intermediate market among monopoly and perfect competition.
The greater part of times, mountaineers carried a variety of instruments to mountain with them bear use in scientific observations.
Elephantulus rufescens is a species of shrew elephant in family Macroscelididae.
Gastromyzon cornusaccus is a fish species of the family of the Balitoridae  in order of the Cypriniformes. 
Alex Mercer took a sample of BLACKLIGHT as «sure». 
To build a graphic of matrix of points, the two sequences plant along the upper row and of the column that is more to the left of the matrix of two dimensions and plant a point in any place in the that the characters in the corresponding columns coincide this is a typical graphic recurrent.
The presence of a idle technology coming of the extinct Union Soviet in the chlorosous companies and the electrochemical Elpidio Sosa have caused that in the city form mist of gases pollutants daily.
In this sense, Machado mention in a document of 1096, one a line of Stephanus alganam.
Then, expects that in 2020 east, have a population of more of 1 000 000 of inhabitants. 
In the year 2010 had a population of 12282 inhabitants and a populational density of 144,71 people by km².
In the year 2010 had a population of 205 inhabitants and a populational density of 2,19 people by km². 
For Federico Kauffman Doig would treat of a staging of human sacrifices, in frame of a propitiatory cult of sustenance, to counter the famines caused by droughts or others attacks of nature.
It is the transport line more ancient in Estambul, that visits 573 m of long with a difference of height of 60 m without any intermediate season among Karaköy and Tünel, to the start of the Avenue of İstiklal in Beyoğlu, in the European part. 
From 1995 Darwish strengthen in the writing of poetry of metaphysical introspection that has already testing from the end of the previous period.
Crenicichla hummelincki is a fish species of the family Cichlidae in order of the Perciformes.
But it is still a last day of party and Arturo again to ask permission to invite to the Lucinda, this time to the party home of done Rosary, a worshipper of the Virgin in whose home had built chapel. 
His stay in the place, from 2002 until 2008, went a stage of scandal and finansial problems in the municipal life.
The agatí de Roatán or guatuza Dasyprocta ruatanica is a species of rodent histricomorphic of family Dasyproctidae;
Bolbena hottentotta is a species of mantids of the family Iridopterygidae.
House a population of 44 inhabitants INE 2009 in 45 houses.
The German school Eurocampus is a school of private character that follows the curriculum German.
According to the history of the American version, a race of aliens of the far planet Attackon situated in the galaxy Ergo have kidnapped to the professor Einstein J. Cinnamon, a scientific brilliant that has invented a sweetener bio - nuclear.
Was incident that evoked immediately the last weekend of the season of 2009, in the that the manager Dave Dombrowski has go to look to the Venezuelan to a station after a fight with his wife when go to the house after night of party.
second bank apilastrado with cornice finish group and gives step to the polygonal spire, coated of tiles in white and blue, topped by a cross of iron that assent on a octogonal body, surrounded with pillars in the angles and topped with vases and still of iron in each one of fronts. 
The Mediterranean converted in the main axis of trade it that caused an intensification of all type of relations and irradiation faster of the technical advances and exchanges cultural that will precipitate the entrance of Andalucía in the protohistoric stage.
In it that to the property refers, an extension of 1,373 hectares was deprived and another of 9,121 is ejidal; 
settlement of people of European ancestry began in 1870, when began to build road of The Guarco after Boruca.
Typically, a battery of four vehicles Tor was accompanied of centre of mobile commando Ranzhir - M.
As well as happened with liturgy of the Church Catholic, the history would happen to be considered like tool by heart..
