I must also take this opportunity to stress the urgent need for the revision of the directives on equal treatment for men and women in statutory and occupational social security schemes so that we can lay the foundations for the individualisation of pension rights, fix flexible retirement ages for men and women, regulate the rights of survivors and those of divorced spouses during the splitting of pension rights acquired during marriage and, finally, ensure independent social security for spouses assisting self-employed partners in the craft sector, trade, agriculture and the professions.
As far as internal policies are concerned, the European Parliaments proposal bolsters the action programmes on environmental protection, renewable energies, consumer protection, school exchanges, historic heritage restoration, occupational and social integration for those with special difficulties, sexual equality, NGOs, job creation, assistance for SMEs, and others.
These include the need to eliminate barriers and systems of protection that still exist in key areas of our economy and the need to increase our level of knowledge. We must also improve our level of education, particularly in the areas of vocational and technical training.
More specifically, regarding the field of implementation of the action plan, and taking account of the possibilities offered by the Internet for financial and business activity, and indirectly in the employment sector, it proposes the adoption of a broader approach. Beyond the issues that affect minors or human dignity, the possibilities offered by the action plan for the protection of financial and business activity will be examined.
As for the budget lines for which a legal basis has neither been adopted nor even proposed, the Council has taken note of the Commissions undertaking to honour commitments entered into before 10 June 1998, and to examine applications which have not yet led to the formal conclusion of a contract. This is being done in an effort to avoid any discrimination which might result from dossiers having to be dealt with by particular deadlines.
The Commission proposes to support this trend by offering to cooperate in such diverse fields as human resources development, administrative reform, social protection, reform of the financial sector, combating poverty and regional disparities, the transfer of technological know-how in the energy sector, widening scientific and technical cooperation and protecting the environment.
There is a clear need for greater transparency and clear rules, and a simple horizontal framework needs to be created to promote scientific progress. Taking account of the responsibilities involved in carrying out the specific programmes, this should include measures to promote innovation and ensure the transfer of technologies, it should incorporate and guarantee effective coordination with the activities envisaged by the specific programmes, and it should facilitate the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises.
On a social and economic level, there are various areas of action: restructuring businesses, public finances, the banking system or access to international financial markets, standards and certification, competition policy, access to the market, cooperation on technology and the development of agricultural reform and social dialogue.
Thirdly, this justifies our reinforcing our horizontal measures and the aid we base on territorial areas, the environment, forests, the diversification of the productive fabric of the most highly-dependent agricultural regions, animal and vegetable health, and aid related to employment and the less favoured areas.
As chairman of the Agriculture Council, I should like to work with the Commission towards further improving the status of environmental protection in agricultural policy, giving Member States and regions a greater say in policies on agriculture and rural areas, and making animal welfare and precautionary consumer protection integral parts of the common agricultural policy.
The European Unions new economic framework, resulting from the completion of the Single Market and the new monetary policy, which is about to come into effect, makes interaction between economic policy and social policy all the more important and accentuates the need to consolidate relations between EMU, the Single Market, the cohesion policy and effective social and employment policies.
Madam President, the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy on this issue, with the amendments it has tabled, aims to promote the development and the adoption of efficient technical systems, the main aim of which, of course, is the protection of minors and human dignity, but also the strengthening of business and financial activity.
In spite of the concern to establish principles relating to respect for rights, freedoms and guarantees in this particularly sensitive area, and that measures leading to cooperation are necessary, for example in the fight against organised crime and money-laundering, the traffic in drugs and weapons and the trade in human beings, it is worth highlighting the fact that we will have to be particularly attentive to the coherence and the implications of the policies and measures that are actually adopted.
I would now like to make particular reference to the excellent speech given by the rapporteur, which is simply a culmination of the way in which this complicated and controversial report has been conducted. I should firstly like to highlight the fact that the vote by the Group of the European Peoples Party in favour of the proposal - and I do not doubt that the House will vote the same way tomorrow - is proof of its confidence in the Court and those who work there, given that our competence is limited to presenting a report on the amendment of Article 24 of the Council Decision.
At the same time, the large distances which as a rule separate those areas from urban centres, their particularly difficult climatic conditions, the lack of infrastructure and appropriate technical support, and their inadequate and inappropriate road network, lead to isolation and restrict the potential for making the most of local products and for the proper operation of local markets, for the development of new economic activities, for the maintenance of satisfactory health levels, for education and for cultural activity.
Aside from their strictly economic significance, which is huge, these institutions are positive proof to the people that the creation of new Community institutions, entrusted with exercising integrated policies in place of the governments or the national bodies of the Member States, is not a betrayal but a more efficient way of jointly exercising national sovereignty.
The implementation of the guidelines for the opening up of the markets to arrant competition and for the abolition, in any way possible, of national instruments, together with the logic of reducing, at all costs, the operating costs in sectors such as air and rail transport, has led to the violation of collective agreements, not only in respect of working time, but also in respect of the remaining conditions of work.
The report is right to emphasise the need to establish closer coordination between broad economic policy guidelines and the employment policy guidelines, taking into account the need for a coherent strategy for employment, growth, stability and economic reforms and for improved procedure with regard to their content, their timing and the relationship between the Council committees involved.
We propose to replace the stability pact with a genuine growth pact. Its main priorities would be to relaunch profitable investment, to continue lowering interest rates selectively to promote employment, to work to reduce working hours without cutting wages, to put a stop to the process of liberalisation and deregulation, and to establish a minimum wage in every Member State.
My group is not only anxious to voice our concerns about public safety in the European Union and in the Czech Republic and neighbouring countries; it also wishes to see aid being offered to promote change, to promote another form of energy production, another source of energy, a different type of energy efficiency to that which can be achieved with a nuclear power station, with the accompanying wastage of electrical energy.
Against this background, the provision of high-level social protection for people working in this sector is especially important, to the extent that this improves existing working conditions, complies strictly with protective regulations, supports collective labour agreements and reduces working hours without reducing incomes.
An important part of EU enlargement is the various current programmes of cooperation with those countries seeking membership of the European Union, and the basic principle is the improvement of the state of the economy in those very countries, leading to the creation of employment opportunities there, so that people would not need to move for economic reasons.
This report strongly suggests that the reform proposals in Agenda 2000 should be radically altered, as it is now very clear that cutting prices has not resolved the problems of market balance, nor has it arrested the continuing decline in farm incomes, which are a vital factor in stemming the haemorrhage of young people from rural areas.
In 1998 the Council adopted three instruments on the uniform format of residence permits. The first of these was a Council decision on sharing the cost of producing specimens of the common-format residence permits.
These findings make it clear that firstly, Partnership for Peace is only a stepping stone to full NATO membership and secondly, that Partnership for Peace is very much connected to the principle of helping weapons manufacturers to sell weapons to these countries, countries who do not even have money to provide proper health care and education for their citizens.
With regard to Amendment No 9 concerning the content of the annual report, the rapporteur wants to add a new Article to clarify what the annual report is to contain. The report is to include an analysis of the extent to which changes in carbon dioxide emissions depend upon manufacturers initiatives or upon factors which have to do with the strategy concerning carbon dioxide and cars.
There is no doubt, for example, that the rule that 50 % of the Cohesion Fund must be applied to the environment has contributed very positively to improving the quality of life in the Cohesion states, but it has also increased the amount of environmental investment in the Cohesion states, making the link between the role of the environment and job creation more obvious.
The programme that my report presents to the House will provide a much-needed spur for disseminating information regarding the existing technologies and stimulate further research and demonstration using the European Unions research and development programmes and the financial resources that are available to us.In terms of Community finance, this is perhaps a small programme.
The text presented by the rapporteur is quite vague about the need for and the specific nature of the controls for incoming waste, as well as the specific nature of its reception and storage, staff training, and so on. This is to say nothing of the difficulties for manufacturers of monitoring the treatment of their waste and clarifying their responsibilities.
My thanks also go to the Commission, in particular to the present Commissioners, who have tirelessly focused on the lack of dynamism, the need for change and, in particular, on the role of national governments and parliaments in undertaking measures to reduce fiscal pressure, stabilise public finances and improve the labour market and training methods in the different Member States.
The bases for the security of people in a democratic Union that is committed to a market economy and respect for the principle of the rule of law are economic growth, increased employment, internal security to combat crime, and a common foreign, political and military security system.
We would like, therefore, to take advantage of the vote on this report, to remind the European Commission of the commitment of the House, as seen in the vote for a resolution on 3 April last, demanding an urgent study paying particular attention to the consequences of the abolition of duty-free on employment in the single market.
There are two basic points to make about this problem of late payments: firstly, that there is definitely a general delay in payments in both public and private contracts, and secondly, that the situation varies considerably from country to country within the EU single market.
In the 1960s it was the European Assembly, today the European Parliament, which was concerned about regional imbalances, drafted the plan for regional policy and started the procedure for implementing it. 30 years later, the geographic distribution of economic prosperity, in other words the achievement of economic and social cohesion, constitutes Parliaments, and especially our political groups, main interest.
European Union policy is therefore based on the view that the results of the Great Lakes conflict must be dealt with in their three main dimensions: regional, bearing in mind the interests of the neighbouring countries; national, taking account of the interests of the government, rebel groups and democratic opposition; and local, concerning community clashes due to ethnic rivalries and severe social pressures.
The agreement as a rule makes the implementation of appropriations entered in the budget for any Community action dependent on prior adoption of a basic act, in other words a legal base, except in the case of actions relating to pilot, preparatory and autonomous actions by the Commission, and appropriations intended for the operation of each institution under its own administrative autonomy.
Another aspect is fund management, with administrative managers and investment managers: this is another very sensitive point which we have investigated jointly with workers and under their supervision, ensuring equal representation of men and women; this aspect has been stressed repeatedly here, in opinions from the Committees on Social Affairs and Womens Rights which we have taken on board.
The Council has therefore taken steps to harmonise control methods and to increase consultation and cooperation between Member States on matters relating to refusal of entry and action to combat the smuggling of human beings.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in principle the current school-milk programme has two aims. Firstly, we want to achieve the objectives of the organisation of the dairy market and boost sales; secondly, of course, we want this school-milk programme to encourage in particular the younger generation in the European Union to drink milk and make a healthy source of nourishment available to children.
As an immediate development, the control of technical assistance organisations is being made more rigorous and specific, and radical reform will ensure clear definition of the core public service functions of Commission officials and effectively supervised and accountable management of executive agencies.
I would like to emphasize in particular the broad agreement between the European Parliament and the Commission, which is very positive, especially as regards the significance of economic and social cohesion, but also as regards common goals such as sustainability, combating unemployment, increasing the competitiveness of the regions, the importance of human resources and equality of opportunity.
The stated intention of the Commission to persist with its policy to abolish duty-free sales after 30 June 1999 is totally unacceptable, particularly as the Commission has failed to fulfil the undertaking that it gave this Parliament to carry out a study on the economic and social consequences of abolition.
The logic which governs the Council and the Commission, that is, the logic of minimum social harmonization or of minimum specifications, has demonstrated that not only does it not lead to the safeguarding of workers rights and to the improvement of labour law but, quite the contrary, it is the institutional umbrella which provides cover for the decline in protection, subverts labour relations and calls into question everything that has been gained with so much struggle by the labour movement.
However, despite the considerable impact of transport and tourism policies on ecosystems conservation, the communication maintains that there is no need for the implementation of specific action plans on transport and tourism as the development and implementation of the Community strategies on climate change and acidification... together with the implementation of adequate environmental assessment procedures should be adequate to achieve the biodiversity objectives in these policy areas.
The Commission is trying to extend the single passport system applied in connection with insurance companies, banks and pension funds, and to liberalise investments by the latter in the context of the more general effort to develop the capital markets still further, and indeed it has given notice of a proposed directive to achieve those aims.
For this reason, the Committee on Budgetary Control stresses that the Commission must inform Parliament of the measures Member States adopt in applying this regulation. Moreover, before the final decision is adopted, Parliament should have the right to contribute, for a limited period of time, to the debate on the Commissions proposals on the implementing measures.
That is why the policy of economic and social cohesion, real economic convergence, a reduction of inequalities between the regions, the concentration of resources upon the Unions poorest areas and solidarity between Europeans are the essential parameters for a development which will be the more effective and competitive the more fairly it is distributed.
Of course because on this important subject of family law, the very broad area not regulated by the law due to the way judgements cease to be effective across borders has had a legal and moral effect on thousands of our citizens, damaging families social and psychological stability and particularly affecting the weakest members, that is, women and children.
Madam President, Commissioner, it is absolutely vital to discuss the Commissions report on forestry measures promoted as an alternative use of agricultural land, before taking a decision on the proposal for a significant increase in afforestation aid as part of rural development policy under Agenda 2000.
In the vote held yesterday morning on the proposal for a decision on the number, powers and responsibilities of parliamentary committees, Parliament adopted two contradictory amendments relating to the responsibility for the legal protection of consumers, namely Amendment No 31 by the Group of the Party of European Socialists and Amendment No 60 by the Group of the European Peoples Party.
It is a modern agreement which is adapted to the times and is all about the liberalisation of tariffs, the setting up of a free trade area, agreements on economic and development cooperation and agreements on science and technology and on a political dialogue.
Mr President, with growth rates below 2%, with a new rise in interest rates, with deflation and the rigorous implementation of the Stability Pact, growing pressure is being brought to bear on the security and social rights of workers, and this will indirectly bring about a dramatic deterioration in their living standards and working conditions.
The Commission, in its proposals, insists on even stricter economic policy, on continuing and hardening political austerity, on promoting privatization, on deregulating industrial relations, on reforming the national health system and on reducing state funding for the national health system.
As regards the rest, I support our rapporteur and the compromise amendments that secured a unanimous vote to adopt the report from the Committee on Regional Policy and I would remind you that Parliament has already expressed its opinion on economic and social cohesion within the context of Agenda 2000 when adopting Mrs Izquierdos report.
Mr President, regarding those sections of the budget dealing with the funding of action in the interests of human rights and democracy, the Commission proposed to the Council on 24 July 1997 a regulation for the purpose of developing and reinforcing democracy, the principle of the rule of law, human rights and basic liberties.
In the end, the final text maintains a sort of armistice - as I have just said - because Article 14, the repairs clause, was turned into a transitional provision, and under Article 18 the Commission must make an analysis of the situation and present proposals to complete the directive within three years.
Are EU Member States entitled to require hotels and guest houses to demand that visiting EU citizens provide exhaustive details of their travel documentation including type of travel document, when and where issued, expiry date and document number as a condition of their stay?
I should like to end by reminding the Commission that a fresh commitment to improving links with the East European countries should not divert the EU from the equally vital task of improving transport links with the Mediterranean basin. These too are without doubt crucial for the European Union.
Following the Court of Justice ruling last May, rapid adoption of this proposal has become necessary, given that, in the absence of a legal base for the expenditure, most of our activities in the field of consumer policy and health protection would have to be suspended.
A series of judgements and assessments are presented in the report regarding Social Fund measures designed to promote equal opportunities for people to be integrated into the labour market, strengthen systems of education and increase the participation of women in the labour market.
For this reason, I am most surprised that the Council has not approved the very proposals that were designed to green the budget, and the Committee on Budgets is therefore retabling five amendments relating to the environment aspects of the Structural Funds, environmental protection and the allocation of Structural Fund money to environmental protection under the habitats and birds directives.
This includes, for example, speeding up the procedures for intervention by the Commission, the creation of coordination centres in the Member States to speed up problem-solving, the creation of points of contact between companies and citizens in the Member States, and commencement of the dialogue with companies and citizens.
In the case of organised crime we are faced with criminal activities which are unfortunately spreading not only within the applicant countries but also from them into the Member States of the European Union. It therefore makes sense to involve representatives from the applicant countries at this stage in the general effort to combat these widespread criminal activities - illicit drugs, traffic in human beings, prostitution and money laundering.
He is quite right to highlight the move from a purely economic approach to a form of cooperation which instead puts the accent strongly on human rights, evolution towards democracy, and aid from the European Union countries to establish the rule of law in the developing countries, not just in form but also, and above all, in substance.
The chapter on reconversion, which also focuses on aligning production to market demands, has been concluded positively, both in terms of recovering restructuring costs and including the possibility of financing specific measures to support wine making in regions which, because of drought, have difficult cultivation conditions.
Secondly, although the aim of the directive is to protect employment, it is not at all certain that in the end we will achieve this goal. The difficulties that will be faced by the regular ferry services as a result of the abolition of duty-free cannot be overcome by unified conditions of employment.
This is a plank in the Commissions overall plan, to have information and consultation of workers and should be considered along with the directives on consultation in collective redundancies, consultation in transfer of undertakings, the European Company Statute and the European Works Council directives.
Pursuant to Council Decision 31798 of 3 May 1998, the central bank legislations of those Member States participating in European monetary union must comply with the EU Treaty provisions and ensure that the central banks of those Member States that take part in European monetary union are totally independent.
This plan also proposes measures targeted at various consumer sectors which are designed to enhance energy awareness expertise and practice in areas such as appliance purchasing, use of energy in the home, building installations, heating systems, energy management in industry, the services sector and the public sector.
Mr President, Mrs Lööw, the Council is well aware of the serious problems raised by the increasingly worrying phenomenon described by the honourable Member and has taken a number of initiatives aimed at putting a stop to it, both in the general context of trafficking in human beings and with specific reference to trafficking in women for the purpose of sexual exploitation.
Firstly, that cooperatives have generated employment, just like SMEs, and that small cooperatives in particular have played a positive role in womens employment. Secondly, cooperatives have the potential to generate employment, as has often been identified by the European Union, both in traditional sectors such as personal services and in innovative sectors.
Does the Council consider that the interpretation placed on the terms of the declarations of 18 May by the US Secretary of State is in keeping with the spirit of the remarks made to the European Parliaments Committee on Foreign Affairs in May by the Commissioner responsible?
Does the Commission consider that the interpretation placed on the terms of the declarations of 18 May by the US Secretary of State is in keeping with the spirit of the remarks made to the European Parliaments Committee on Foreign Affairs in May by the Commissioner responsible?
That is why we have looked at fisheries not just from an exclusively production and market angle, but taking account of environmental issues, social issues and the revival of sector-linked economic and social activity as well as thinking about the market.
The Commission is ready to discuss this constructively with the Council and Parliament, because I think that we can all agree that the reserve is a crucial element of the Commissions proposals to improve efficiency through a combination of simplification and decentralisation, better evaluation and more rigorous financial management.
We are pleased to see that this report further underlines the need for action in the following areas: equal opportunities; a gender-specific approach to research; work on ecological sustainability; research into issues affecting the elderly and the disabled. We also welcome the commitment to an ethical stance on genetic research and note the emphasis on not allowing any resources to go to cloning or genetic manipulation of human hereditary material.
In dealing with this directive, the Conservative Members of Parliament are working to create a balance between protecting the rights of copyright holders who are threatened by digital developments and safeguarding access to information for individual consumers, especially in connection with television and radio.
I believe that we must continue to follow up the question of the precautionary principle which we have now anchored in our legislation and that we will also have to incorporate the principles of transparency and of separation of powers, which we now have in the Union, in international treaties and agreements too. In that way we can achieve preventive health and consumer protection not only for the people in our Union but also in relation to products from other countries that end up in the Union.
The framework for action is addressed to the European Parliament, which will have a key role in the process of modernising the financial services sector, on the basis of the results obtained by the group in which the representatives of the finance ministries are taking part and Parliaments own report.
As was clearly apparent at the historic meeting - it is the High Representative s adjective and the correct one - at the beginning of this week of the General Affairs Council attended by defence ministers, Member States believe that enhanced cooperation in the security and defence area in the European Union will bring two major benefits.
The system of prices for products which are set below production costs and where income depends solely on the payment of decoupled compensation, which itself falls far short of bridging the gap to price reduction, does not provide the long-term security which well-educated young people see as a necessary requirement to their future.
As for the future, cooperation between the EU and UNESCO is mentioned in Article 5 of the proposed Framework Programme for Culture for the period 2000-2004, which I had the honour of presenting to the Commission very recently. That programme has been approved by the Commission, and I have presented it to the European Parliament and the Council.
Mr President, if we are to integrate into a framework programme the wide range of activities in the spheres of international cooperation studies and analyses, renewable energies, energy efficiency, efficient use of solid fuels and nuclear safety, we clearly need an appropriate strategy for developing the sector.
In the field of combating fraud and corruption, by adopting the joint measure on corruption in the private sector in December 1998 we have managed to create a new basis for combating corruption in business in the common market under criminal law.
In the democratic information society it is appropriate to safeguard the practice of reproducing material for purposes of study, research or private use particularly via libraries, as libraries, archives and museums have an obligation to guarantee that materials connected with matters of culture and heritage are preserved and accessible in electronic form also.
That is why we are here at this late hour, to support the rapporteur in stressing the urgent need for universal adoption of the country of origin principle, to cut down on red tape, to facilitate commercial activity, to combat tax evasion and to reform indirect taxation with a view to total transparency.
In this proposal, the Commission is seeking to add a new paragraph 6 to Article 28 of the directive. This paragraph provides for a procedure enabling the Council, acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission, to authorise any Member State to apply a reduced rate for the period from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2002 to certain local labour-intensive services that meet specific requirements.
It is a comprehensive and unified plan aimed at strengthening such basic issues for our country as the search for peace, the reactivation of our economy and the generation of employment, the protection of human rights, the strengthening of justice and the increase in social participation.
Of the amendments proposed, the three principal amendments accepted by the Committee on Transport - Amendments Nos 4, 5 and 6 - aim for greater coherence in Community regulation by using the wording and scope of the regulation on competition rules in the maritime sector.
A number of problems are identified with the directive in relation to classification of genetically modified microorganisms, such as insufficient guidance on risk-assessment and containment measures, the absence of a linkage of the notification and administrative measures to the degree of risk of the activities, and so on.
In this connection, I wish to stress that the best way significantly to improve the quality of the administrative activities of Community institutions and bodies is to adopt a code of good administrative behaviour, in the same way as rules on public access to documents have been adopted by the Community institutions and bodies.
We have three main objectives here: to help third countries to define, formulate and implement energy policies, to promote industrial cooperation on energy between our Union and third countries, and to coordinate the European Unions external activities in the field of energy.
However, we do not agree that directives are an appropriate form of legislation in areas such as the organisation of work and workers individual and collective rights. Instead, we think that negotiated agreements between the partners in the labour market are a workmanlike and appropriate way to achieve success in this area.
With regard to the second principle - decentralisation - I must remind you that the Commission proposed the creation of local observatories. These are being set up and will provide structures in each Member State to improve the monitoring of the information actions impact.
I would like to highlight one particular point, and that is the inclusion of bunker oil for ships and the need to make progress with negotiations at international level to ensure that the fuel used in ships is as low in sulphur as possible. I say this because potential emissions from this source are now far greater than from power stations on dry land.
It argues for it to be rejected since both the hearing which took place and the text of the Treaty on European Union show that the Commission proposal is already outdated. This further drives home the fact that if this directive, which is getting on for a quarter of a century old, is to continue to be justified it will have to be updated so that it can make an effective contribution towards positive measures to combat social discrimination on the grounds of sex.
The aim of the Commissions proposal is to establish a Community procedure for designating orphan medicinal products and to provide incentives for related research, development and marketing, in particular by granting exclusive marketing rights for ten years.
We must encourage maritime investment, either through direct aid or fiscal measures. We must protect the industrial know-how of our highly skilled workers and re-introduce Community preference for the use, construction and repair of boats flying a national flag - as the United States did long ago - while penalising by means of compensatory taxes those vessels that fail to respect these preferential measures.
Finally, as regards Amendment No 9 on night work, in recognition of the diversity of geographical locations and legislative arrangements within the Member States, the Commission considers the proportion of annual working time which determines whether workers may be classified as night workers should be left to the Member States in consultation with the social partners rather than applying a rigid 48 days.
On the financing system: the European Council has recognised that there are still budgetary imbalances in the financing of the Union and has provided for changes to the existing own resources system in order to take more account of the Member States ability to pay and thus make their contributions fairer.
Certainly, it is good that schools are recognised as having a fundamental role in combating unemployment, but there is no reference to the need for schools to operate in the field of planning within Europe as a whole, encompassing the participation of social partners, local organisations and the business world.
The European Parliament and the Council are easing their conscience on the cheap because, besides domestic violence and violence connected to sexual exploitation, we should also acknowledge the growth of social violence which results from the increase in poverty and from the growing destitution amongst the working classes.
The insistence on the need to influence the instincts of the people and the habits of the consumer and to establish channels of communication with the citizens and small and medium-sized businesses confirms the importance which political leadership will have with regard to changing our consumer habits and promoting sustainable development.
The Council of the Union, in its joint action of 24 February 1997 relating to action against the trade in human beings and the sexual exploitation of children requests Member States to revise the legislation and the practices in force in these areas in order to guarantee that the kinds of behaviour I have just referred to are subject to effective criminal punishment.
The Unions Foreign Ministers agreed at the General Affairs Council meeting on 23 February to renew the European Community aid package to the Palestinians beyond its expiry at the end of this year.
Standard management and marketing measures presuppose an effective and, above all, a balanced system of controls. We can do nothing other than support the call that fisheries products should only be landed in those ports which are effectively able to control them, but not, however, the extension of fisheries inspectorss rights to that of the retail trade.
First let us hear the Commissions communication and then, when that ends at about 4.00 p.m., give Members the chance to debate points of order. Both we and the media are here for the real debate.
This draft has now been submitted for examination in the Chamber of Representatives and the parliamentary committees responsible have resumed their discussions on the reform of Article 8 of the Constitution, which is also required to extend political rights to non-national EU citizens.
In the education field, it is important to see how the transition from vocational training to the labour market operates, to compare school drop-out rates in the various Member States and to see how the transition from sheltered employment for the disabled to the open labour market operates.
The report is a very important one which aims to reduce the amount of bureaucracy surrounding the conduct and application procedure of clinical trials while, at the same time, ensuring that the health, safety and confidentiality of clinical trials subjects are of utmost priority.
There are gaps in particular in terms of training; not enough training is provided, not enough older workers are involved in training, training courses are not sufficiently adapted to new technologies and education systems often fail to provide practical experience, team work and knowledge of other countries.
This study will consider the various aspects of trade mark protection and the possible consequences of a change in the exhaustion system, in particular as concerns product availability, after-sales service, advice to consumers, investment in new products, price competition and employment.
In addition to supporting research and development on instruments to guarantee the secure transmission of credit card data, the Commission is promoting the improvement of technologies serving to minimise the use of personal data in electronic transactions.
With regard to internal strategy, beyond what was undertaken within the system of generalised preferences, the committee and its rapporteur want the European Union to develop other dimensions to its own action, in particular in the case of its trade and cooperation agreements and agreements on aid to investment.
Although the European Unions competition policy and its regional policy have very different roots, there is now an obvious need to have greater coherence and consistency on coordination between, on the one hand, national state aids, competition policy and the European Unions regional policy.
We also welcome the adoption by the UN Human Rights Commission on 2 April 1998 of a resolution which calls for countries that have not yet abolished the death penalty to apply a moratorium on the execution of death penalties with a view to abolition.
The transformation of the economy into a service-based economy, the steadily increasing number of women who work, the ageing of the workforce, the large-scale use of new technologies and new forms of organising work all have implications for safety.
Therefore I hope that Parliament and the Council will vote to maintain the concept as part of the partnership with research and development sectors and will include the practical means for the programme decision-makers to reach fair, just and accurate conclusions which also bear in mind the generic development industry.
By this I mean the problem - and it alone is the problem - of the minimum prudential rules which, by ensuring that electronic currency institutions are stable and sound, will open the way to mutual recognition of authorisations and controls, and hence genuine free movement of operators and services.
In matters of appropriations relating to structural operations, the difference between the Council and Parliament concentrate on two areas: firstly, the size of the advance payment in respect of new structural operation payments, and, secondly, the timetable for attending to old, unpaid, committed funds.
Within the Western European Union the issue of the mutual defence guarantee is even stronger than within NATO; within the neutral countries the general opinion at the moment is that the mutual defence commitment does not apply.
In view of the fact that the general principles and limits relating to the public s right of access, in accordance with Article 255, to the above-mentioned institutions documents are to be established with the European Parliament in accordance with the relevant decision-making procedure by no later than 30 April 2001, the Council will begin discussing any proposal for an Act as soon as it has received this.
EU trade agreements with the rest of the world should have encouragement for small-scale producers in developing countries built in as a central plank of a joined-up trade and development policy, not bolted on as optional extras after major trade deals have already been signed.
It is a compromise in the noble sense of the word, that is, it is the synthesis of a series of innovative incentives and concepts that first came from the European Commission and then from the Members of the European Parliament, especially the Committee on Legal Affairs, in collaboration with the insurance companies and consumer organizations that I referred to just now.
We assume that the incoming government and the new Slovak Parliament will be announcing a programme of political reforms, designed to strengthen the countrys democratic structure, protect the rights of minorities and better regulate the countrys free and independent media.
So we think it is very important that we should take account, in the ongoing reforms which we will continue to debate next week, of the need for across-the-board implementation of the principles of transparency, participation, equal opportunities and sustainable development - only 5.2 % is devoted to sustainable development - and for a balance between policies to preserve and create jobs and economic policies which do not destroy jobs, because sometimes economic policies do harm employment.
Measures to integrate environmental protection into this Community sector have been defined for the single energy market in relation to energy efficiency, renewable energy sources and the framework programme on energy.
In accordance with the Treaty it has always paid attention to the specific share of investment expenditure in general government deficits, as witness its recommendation of 25 March 1998 concerning qualification of the Member States for participation in the third stage of economic and monetary union.
The navigation network represents a step forward, and the cooperation between the European Space Agency, Euratom, the IMO and the ICAO underlines the value of this approach.
We must reinvent the UN, and this new UN must play a role in the most significant fields: the historical, traditional one of conflict prevention, the increasingly relevant one of championing human rights, that of preventing economic and financial turbulence, and that of coordinating measures against old and new forms of crime.
Even though there are other deep-rooted causes for this situation, as I have just mentioned, the immediate cause of the crisis which prompted the outgoing Commission to resign was the problems in the organisation and working of the College of Commissioners and also in the organisation and working of the services under the authority of the Commissioners.
Regarding the exclusion of the Kurdish Democratic Party from the elections, I am sure the honourable Member is aware that on 8 March 1999 the Turkish Constitutional Court unanimously rejected the public prosecutors application for a temporary injunction to ban this party from participating.
The Commission will also launch a debate about other important policy areas: conflict prevention, preparedness in advance of crises and catastrophes, and humanitarian aid which is based upon upholding human rights, that is to say which focuses to a greater degree upon the victims rights as human beings.
There are several indicators of structural unemployment: excessively high labour costs, lack of flexibility in working hours and general employment profile, an underdeveloped services sector, an over-heavy state and bureaucratic regulatory burden, slow rates of innovation and long lead times between scientific findings and implementation in production.
The Council has recently adopted two Commission proposals concerning the free movement of workers, these being the directive on supplementary pensions and the regulation on the extension of Regulation 140871 concerning the coordination of social security regimes to special schemes for civil servants.
The current transitional system of VAT has done a great deal to help the development of the single market, but administrative procedures in the Member States and the different interpretations they have given to the basic directives affect the operation of the single market and the legal certainty that should be guaranteed.
This is in no way consistent with damage limitation, which consists in the possible - but far from proven - reduction of the damage, and not in fighting drugs as an escape route out of social difficulties.
If stability is to prevail, the governments of the partner countries will, of course, have to take on their responsibilities and create a clear political and legal framework. This will allow investors to be fully aware of the political and administrative risks involved in the projects and, at the same time, to respect EU legislation on competition, the environment and public contracts.
The Commissions proposal closely resembles the fragmentation theory: in substance it seeks to divide the sector along existing territorial lines and abandons the option of unitary management for the European Regional Development Fund, the European Investment Fund, the European Guarantee Fund and the European Social Fund.
In terms of the economy, while the government has lowered customs duties, liberalised most prices and the exchange market and speeded up privatisation, the legislative framework necessary for developing the market economy is far from complete.
Here the rapporteur has highlighted the importance of having competition rules capable of guaranteeing the proper and transparent operation of the internal market, bearing in mind that exceptions to free competition, in the form of aid to Member States, are justified for the purpose of preserving economic and social cohesion.
The aim of my report is to bring to the attention of the Commission and the Council the urgent need to make headway on the harmonisation of these complementary forms of protection and to define refugee status and rights, thereby making it possible for those persons who will remain on the territory of the Union in any case to extricate themselves from precarious and distressing circumstances.
Because of this, we need to give the protection of public health special attention, imposing taxes on tobacco products at national level and introducing legislation on tobacco at Union level.
This resulted in a drastic reduction in the number of farms and in the level of jobs in agriculture, thereby increasing unemployment in agricultural regions and dangerously accelerating the depopulation of the countryside.
We do not agree with the wording in paragraph 1, and we wish to delete the word definitive from that paragraph because no vote was ever taken in Parliament on the question of the 1996 discharge, which was recommended by the Committee on Budgetary Control to this House.
Those in favour of the liberalisation of trade as the driving force for prosperity are all the less willing to undertake such a report, since there can be no real denial that the situation has become worse in recent years, and inequalities between underdeveloped countries and advanced countries, as well as the development of inequalities even within developed countries, have intensified.
In the light of the international agreement concluded by the Special Session of the United Nations Organisation in June 1998 for a balanced approach to the problem which aims to reduce both supply and demand, I would like to highlight the potential offered by Article 152 of the Treaty.
I also want to emphasize how essential it is to ensure that social dialogue provides the context for updating the organization of work, as regards job stability, lifelong training or the reorganization of working hours.
In terms of the relationship with national services, we succeeded with great difficulty in drawing up a general formula for possible complementarity between European Voluntary Service activities and similar national activities of various kinds . This formula still allows room for States to try out joint initiatives between the EVS and national civil and voluntary services.
For the remaining policy areas, we established clear priorities for the financial resources available, and set amounts for them in the budget which are realistic and yet do not hinder important Community policies.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Commission agrees that the objective set by the White Papers plan of action for renewable energy sources, i.e. to double the contribution of those sources to the Unions energy supply from 6 % to 12 % by 2001, is an ambitious but at the same time a realistic objective.
To the list of measures proposed by the Commission from which the applicant countries should preferably choose their priorities, the Committee on Agriculture has added the establishment of an agricultural credit system and the accelerated and widespread introduction of book-keeping in farming.
The committee proposes that Article 13 should be amended and that a statement should be added to the effect that the funds should promote action to prevent discrimination based on gender, race, ethnic origin, religion or beliefs, disability, and age.
The majority rejected the rules of conduct concerning Members financial interests and refused to ban gifts and fees paid to Members. The majority also rejected the general social security and pension regime applicable to Community employees.
This stability will naturally also be dependent on governments and partner countries accepting their responsibilities, thereby creating a clear political and legal framework that enables investors to recognise the political and administrative risks involved in the projects. It would mean, too, that the European Unions rules on competition, the environment and public procurement were being respected.
In those circumstance, the committee gave priority to tackling the inherent severe disadvantages as quoted in the report of the battery system and therefore calls for an EU-wide ban on the use of such cages to be implemented as soon as possible but together with appropriate financial measures to be put in place by Member States with support from the Commission for alternative systems and relevant studies.
I can support that part of the report which deals with arms reduction, the abolition of nuclear weapons and the environmentally sound destruction of arms in general, and can also endorse the calls for openness and public information in relation to national defence.
There are other issues, including the distinction between analogue and digital copies: a digital copy is actually a clone.
This is basically a cultural issue, but there is also the question of safeguarding the rights of public institutions, such as hospitals, schools, libraries, museums, archives, prisons and, last but not least, both the rights and opportunities of the disabled.
In the ensuing three years, the Middle East peace process has not ended the drama in the region, nor has the human rights situation improved. Indeed, in many respects it has deteriorated.
Secondly, in the procedural page of a report that I have never signed, it says that today, during the sitting on 4 May, the President of the European Parliament has confirmed the common position and has referred the common position to the Committee on Transport and Tourism as the committee responsible.
In this context I think it is important to point out that the Structural Funds, with their declining expenditure profile, make an important contribution to consolidating the budget, although Community solidarity with the structurally weakest regions remains fixed at the highest level of the last funding period, namely at the level of 1999.
The amendments made to the Commission proposal that the Council is prepared to accept considerably improve access to information on the Community decision procedures; these procedures are too secretive, whether they concern the work of the committees, the documents submitted, the agendas, the list of participants or the committees work schedule.
Another large difference is that it is very easy to try to make a counterfeit banknote with modern photocopying techniques which is the reason why the precise features of the banknotes to come will be widely published but only very briefly in advance of their introduction, so as to reduce the danger of counterfeiting and confusing a public which is not yet familiar with the notes.
In it I also highlighted the need to bring together, at our own behest, an extraordinary European Council on the future of policies on the family and on protecting children in the Union and to present an annual report to Parliament comparing legislation on this issue in our respective countries.
We need a European Parliament that is the general legislating body of the Union - like the Council - that participates fully in appointing members of the other institutions and is able to establish a relationship of trust with the European Commission, which is no longer weakened by the double qualified majority now necessary for a motion of censure.
The measures on the conservation of fish stocks and the monitoring of fishing activities must be dealt with in agreements signed in the framework of regional fishing organisations, and these organisations must serve as a platform for international cooperation.
Firstly, the prosecutors independence, both from the Security Council and from the national courts, which finds expression in the definition of the core crimes under the new international penal code and the relationship of this International Criminal Court with the United Nations.
Because the European Union lacks criminal law and law enforcement powers, the action plan addresses illegal content only in terms of encouraging the preparation of a study on national measures necessary.
The Group of the European Radical Alliance is especially pleased to find principles outlined in the report focusing on proportional representation, the incompatibility of mandates, derogations in support of special regional characteristics and transnational lists.
That lack of a Community dimension can also be seen in, for example, the presence of the European Central Bank itself and the representation of monetary union in the international fora and international bodies relating to monetary matters, from the International Monetary Fund to the groups composed of representatives of the large industrialized economies.
Finally, I too am optimistic that the euro will have a positive effect on the drawing-up of the Community budget, as well as on Community staff management. Salaries and pensions will be calculated on a constant basis, no longer subject to the vagaries of exchange rates.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, to make things quite clear from the outset, the background to the difficulties we are currently encountering in the pig sector is probably the fact that 1996 and 1997 proved extremely productive years for the pig farmers, which led them to make enormous stock increases.
It acknowledges the progress that was achieved within the current programme in promoting local socio-economic development and in compensating for disadvantages, and is open to proposals on ways of promoting local development and, in particular, combating social exclusion in future as well.
As strict as it may be, the definition of the new Objective 1 in the report on general provisions, by tolerating limited exceptions, gives Member States the opportunity to improve the coherence of national zoning as the procedure is transparent and the list of eligible regions is annexed to the regulation.
I therefore voted in favour of reimbursing travel expenses against the actual costs incurred - no easy matter, since the proposal was included in the amendment on the Statute.
At present, the Commission has no intention of extending the ban to other marine areas, where the impact of this type of fishery on marine mammals has not been proved.
It is a matter of creating a solid European political and legal base which strengthens and increases the credibility of the Unions commitment and that of its Member States to affirm those standards at international level without hiding behind the easy alibi of always leaving it to other authorities to shoulder the burden of taking action.
This not only contravenes the provisions of the Treaty, but indirectly prepares the ground for a substantive transfer of compulsory expenditure to national budgets - with no prior opinion from the national parliaments - for policies and decisions adopted by the EC executive.
The grace period seems in fact to be regarded as an inadequate response to genuine problems, such as the complexity of the procedure for filing applications, the lack of relevant information and the need to disclose ones inventions before filing for a patent.
That is why I based my work on this report on the following principles: firstly, the provision of consumer information on foodstuff and beverage labels, including the labelling of alcoholic beverages, is essentially a measure relating to the single market, a measure of consumer protection.
Moreover, there must be clear consolidation of the concept of working time, since this is an especially sensitive concept in the transport sector. It must include not only driving hours and the time taken to load and unload, but the whole time workers are at the service of their employer.
They deserve respect for having accepted political responsibility for the circumstances described in the independent experts report; and the Commission and its staff also deserve our thanks for the work they have done over the last few years to deepen and broaden European union.
In the coming weeks and months we will certainly have to devise ways to organise the interaction between the Commission and Parliament as its supervisory body, with the relevant reporting and the provision of information to Parliaments committees.
However, I have learnt from an extremely well-informed source that a kind of preliminary draft report is already in circulation in this House, between the Committee of Wise Men, the services of the European Parliament and the services of the European Commission.
The absence of an independent electoral commission, the absence of fair access to the media, the absence of any guarantee of the right to campaign, have all led the opposition, which is in the majority, to boycott next spring s legislative elections.
We do not have to resort to the figures on commercial exchange, investment and cooperation in development to see how important a role the European Union plays in the region, but the European Union s proven economic solidarity must be valued as highly as its ability to contribute efficiently to a peaceful solution to the conflict.
Therefore, and in order to ensure a high level of safety for national and international transport operations and to guarantee the elimination of distortions of competition, the European Union has adopted Directive 9649EC on the approximation of the laws of the Member States with regard to the transport of dangerous goods by rail.
Mr President, this proposal, which we hope will, by means of a Community regulation, resolve the difficulties experienced by our citizens and their families due to failure to recognise judgements on ending the bond of matrimony and parental responsibility, deserves our applause and our sympathy.
It was agreed to create indicators and, in April 1999, the first announcement was made of the results of these joint indicators, which take account of the place of women in the economy, in politics and in society in relation to the development programmes approved.
We should not just aim to create a better environment in concrete terms through environmental taxation. No, by using environmental taxes to achieve better, more sustainable production, we can also deliver better, more sustainable social services, and an improved standard of living for our citizens.
Another reason for satisfaction in my eyes is the Councils agreement on the possibility of legislative initiatives with regard to the use of fiscal instruments in the environmental field in order to encourage employment, competitiveness and growth.
The citizens of the Union have the right to require the office of the European Ombudsman who handles their complaints to have a sufficiently large legal staff available to it, one that has at least the same level of legal experience as the Community institutions under investigation.
Just recently, in relation to the draft directive on bus design, we have on numerous occasions discussed new approaches to technical legislation - both in the Committee on Economic Affairs and here in Parliament.
By applying these principles, the presidency seeks to give new impetus to its examination of the Commissions proposals on the accession of the Community to the nuclear safety convention and the joint international convention on the safe management of irradiated fuel and radioactive waste.
And I am sorry to note that the Commission, instead of trying to find a lasting solution to its own operational shortcomings, prefers its tried and tested method of running away and using technical problems as an opportunity to promote a political project which is not mentioned in the Treaties: VAT harmonisation.
In my opinion however, education should still be our top priority, not only because the proportion of illiterate women is especially high, but also because a higher level of education and training brings greater awareness of the issues of demographic development, and educated women would be more open to birth control.
We have paid particular attention to the issues highlighted in the report: general reduction in bureaucracy; improvements to the fiscal environment; professional training; and the development of research and technological innovation.
Member States have different ways of looking at the role of the state in economic and social life, the familys place in society and its rights and duties, the roles of men and women in the family and childrens rights.
At a time when the worlds economic leaders, under the aegis of the International Monetary Fund, are debating how to deal with the impact of the crisis, even to some extent, the European Parliament and the European Union persist in applying old and outdated prescriptions.
Perhaps for this reason, my intention as rapporteur is to present the report more from a strategic point of view than from the point of view of giving due recognition to Community activities in the field of tourism in 1995 and 1996, although it must be acknowledged that there have been many such activities and that they have been extremely varied.
The Commissions communication on Community measures affecting tourism in 1995 and 1996 was presented to Parliament in accordance with the requirements laid out in Article 5 of the 1992 Council Decision, which establishes a Community action plan to assist tourism.
1 Effect a greater harmonisation of international ferry safety provisions on services within the EU.2 Ensure effective application of these provisions.3 Ensure transparency of operating conditions for regular ferry services including high-speed vessels within the EU, whatever the flag they are flying.
Parliament must restate its defence of the principle of universal justice and its commitment to the International Criminal Court and we must also restate our unequivocal support for the society and democratic authorities of Chile in their process of consolidating democracy.
In my opinion, special mention must be made of the proposals on the Commissions responsibilities, the procedures to be followed for adopting and monitoring projects, the intervention of the planned consultative committee and, above all, the European Parliaments role in the development of these programmes.
A very important and parallel area of the Unions human rights activities is the giving of aid to non-governmental organisations which seek to uphold human rights in third countries and also provide practical assistance to the victims of human rights violations.
The Commission is happy with the amendments which are consistent with the original proposal, for example concerning the creation of an advisory committee, the removal of the time limit on the regulations applicability and the deletion of the financial reference amount.
There is a constant interest in the situation of families and its implications for our social and employment policies. It is also becoming increasingly evident that we need greater international cooperation on issues relating to the family as part of the global effort to promote social progress and development.
Secondly, there is the conviction that the actions of the various players operating on the international scene - regional and international organisations, national and local authorities, civil society organisations, companies - while differing, perhaps profoundly, in motivations and aims, are equally important in terms of their real impact on the actual situation of individuals, the local community and the people.
This proposal builds on the EUs active employment policy in providing a reasonable stimulus for a change in tax systems so that the taxation of labour is reduced, while at the same time taxes on the use of natural resources are increased.
Member States have watered down the role and the competence of the European Unions democratic and judicial institutions, notably the European Parliament and the Court of Justice, and also the decision-making procedures for a period of at least five years.
I think it is important for the European Union to take the initiative and demonstrate to the public that it has a greater political role than it had in the past, even though our humanitarian role, our aid for democratic development and our support for the growth of civil society remain the priorities.
We saw it as a balance between the normal lifetime of a genetically modified product, the monitoring system we have proposed, and the need for the administrative procedures for this directive to be clear, practical and founded on science, in accordance with the precautionary principle.
The Commissions proposal seeks to strike a balance between the need to make the best possible progress in encouraging waste delivery to ports and the plain political reality of taking into account the very different views of Member States on this issue.
On previous occasions, a certain section of the population has taken advantage of the confusion - as is now the case - and exploited the breakdown in public order to use or sell goods that were intended for those who were most severely affected. There have also been cases where the aid was not distributed as it should have been and did not reach those most in need.
The European Parliament must reject the liberalisation proposals and envisage instead measures to encourage the development and modernisation of the rail sector and its public service obligations, as well as the development of cooperation and social harmonisation at a high level.
The Council has to understand that, when it comes to sensitive matters concerning citizenship and legality, unless there is ample cooperation not only with the European Parliament but also with national parliaments and civil society, it will be hard to make our existing array of virtual laws comprehensible and meaningful to the people.
The very existence of economic and monetary union demonstrates that this is not just a formality. On the contrary, it addresses economic and monetary issues in a dynamic way and calls for the coordination not only of the monetary but also the economic and social policies of the Member States of the European Union.
To help the discussions, the Commission will be sending the European Council a communication on the best way of integrating the objective of higher employment into the formulation and implementation of Community policies and measures.
It is quite obvious that the safety authorities must always take account of the possibility of seismic disturbances in examining the suitability of a site and that it is necessary to see to it that structural solutions help to ensure that an earthquake would not cause problems for the plant.
Our efforts to achieve support and lasting stability will continue, and naturally we will also continue to seek to keep this Parliament fully informed because we value greatly the commitment to our joint objectives in securing stability and continuing peace in this sorely troubled region.
That broadly-based assessment is one that encompasses a wide range of indicators, of course including developments in the real economy, movements in employment and unemployment, an assessment of movement of the exchange rate in so far as it has an impact on price levels in the euro area.
The public information insisted upon in the draft directive is vital and gives the opportunity to back up legal measures with the right of the public to name and shame those governments which fail to take the necessary measures to comply with this directive.
The return for reallocation of any unused permits by 15 September instead of 15 November as the Commission had proposed, will ultimately reduce the possibility of unfairness in the final distribution, which must be based solely on real needs and will help companies plan their operations better.
It will obviously have a competence in the area of a risk assessment and in assessing that risk it will be necessary for the scientists employed in this agency not only to rely on their own opinions and advice, but also to liaise with the scientists in Member States, because an agency such as this - agency or authority or whatever - will have to be not only independent but will also have to liaise with scientists in Member States.
I would like to stress that hemp is an agricultural crop, which requires specific investments by both farmers and processors. The fibre produced from hemp is used in the industrial sector, for insulation and so on.
The approach to ethical questions relating to research involving embryos is therefore based on the need for such research in order to increase our scientific knowledge in the interest of patients, whilst at the same time respecting fundamental ethical principles and the diversity of national feelings.
Indeed, the Presidency document on urban exchange produced a very good exchange of experience on looking at a comprehensive approach to regeneration, to tackle problems faced by disadvantaged people concentrated in particular areas, to look at town centre management and to address urban quality issues.
Firstly, the various European Union policies - such as agricultural policy, structural policy, transport policy or even competition policy - directly affect the spatial structures of the European Union, but have hitherto done so, as regards regional planning, in an uncoordinated and incoherent manner.
Principally those related to the budget - which seems to be a perennial health risk -, to the questions of external frontier control responsibility and, particularly, to the rapporteurs own initiative, over and above the Commission proposals, concerning a dedicated centre at the heart of the network.
Personal exchanges of experience in teaching, science, vocational training and teacher training are an excellent driving force during the difficult adjustment process on the path towards full membership and are usually more important than investing in material assets.
We in the Group of the Party of European Socialists see an increasingly dangerous risk that, in the long-term, major disadvantages affecting women are going to become worse, such as differences in income women earn one third less, serious discrimination in career advancement and the danger of increasing unemployment.
This report conveys an important message, namely that it is time we did something to improve the efficacy of Community action in the tourism sector, and to maximise tourisms contribution towards achieving the Unions objectives.
In addition, I would also like to point out that, in accordance with its decision of 16 December 1996, the Council regularly examines the actual implementation of the legal acts it has adopted in the areas of illegal immigration, repatriation, the illegal employment of third country nationals and cooperation in enforcing deportation orders.
Of course the EU does have a role to play, partly by pledging money for research, partly by facilitating the exchange of experience in the field of health and partly - most important of all - by ensuring that its own policy is healthy, integrating health aspects into both transport and industrial policy.
There is a very positive note to make, namely that since we had a little incident with that country regarding the preparation and notably regarding projects we felt were not being carried out according to the accession partnership, the Prime Minister and his staff have taken the coordination of the preparatory process firmly in hand.
In the final analysis, and in the light of the subsidiarity principle, the Member State governments and parliaments must also make the integration of sustainable development a leitmotif of their national strategies in the field of transport, agriculture, energy, taxation and so on.
Mr President, first of all I should like to congratulate the Commission and the DG concerned, because they took the first steps and understood the need to draw together and unify cultural measures which have hitherto been fragmented and were not guided by a common rationale and a single policy in the field of culture.
The proposal will cause a reduction in the level of health protection in those cases where the Member States are obliged to give authorisation for trials on the basis of the time limits in the directive, even if the national authorities have still not completed a more thorough assessment of the application.
Bilaterally the core element is the tackling of trade issues such as regulatory barriers, which are the main current obstacle to transatlantic business while preserving a high level of protection for health, safety, consumers and the environment.
We also need to attack the delay - and even obstruction - on the part of Member States in transposing Community legislation into national law, ignoring Commission views, and even disregarding decisions of the Court of Justice, so that 220 legislative texts, or 15 % of the total, remain to be transposed.
On a more fundamental level, I think that the main issue in this matter is that this Parliament, on its last day, intends to bind its successor and its successors successor to a fundamental limitation of the budgetary powers laid down in the Treaty, budgetary powers which this Parliament mainly exercises by qualified majority.
The European Union bases its own identity on the fact that it follows the principle of the rule of law, which is much more important and significant than being able to mint a common currency or have a common defence policy.
I would like to remind Parliament that last June the Council adopted Directive 9963, which incorporates into Community law the agreement on the organisation of seafarers working time, signed by the social partners in the maritime transport sector.
The directive before us allows consumers to buy a car not only according to its horsepower, but also its CO2 emissions, by referring to a top ten list.
The suggestion that sometimes has been put forward to establish a childrens unit within the Commission is one that I recognise will require study in particular to ensure that full account is taken of the human and financial resources that are at present available.
As always, the demand for efficiency has again been put to bad use in order to justify action by the European Union. I shall not refer to the political choices which have been made or the haggling which has formed the basis of the budgetary discussion between the Council and Parliament.
No one denies that the Ombudsman has been more and more active these past few years; his initial requests, however, contain elements which conflict with the regulations on the status of officials and with the rules on the rationalization of administrative expenditure laid down by the three institutions.
Furthermore, the issue was discussed at a meeting of the Permanent Working Group on the Safety of Transportation of Radioactive Substances, on 18 May and lessons to be drawn from their analysis of the situation have been passed on to the relevant authorities of the Member States.
Unfortunately, the Commission, faithfully following a narrowly-defined economic logic relating to the notion of competitiveness, refuses even today to draw the necessary conclusions from the regression that the Council imposed in the directive in respect of the Social Charter on Fundamental Rights for Workers, and merely points out that the directive permits work for more hours than is usual in practice in most Member States .
Common rules or a set of common rules, with legal value, are needed for digital signatures which are at the basis of building up consumer trust and are the foundation of electronic commerce and contracts.
I would also like to thank the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs for having asked the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens Rights to give an opinion on this proposal for a directive, and also for ultimately accepting the majority of the amendments that we proposed.
Pertinent though it is, the issue of equality does not accommodate those women who want to balance the special time of motherhood, not only pregnancy but also the time when they bring up their children, with their working lives.
I should like to emphasise the need to adapt the forestry policy aspects of the common agricultural policy in future, and also to highlight the importance of regional and local planning for forest areas.
The Committee on Regional Policy agrees with the warm welcome the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy has given to the communication from the European Commission on the impact of the changeover to the euro on Community policies, institutions and legislation.
However, even the most optimistic assumptions make it clear that the national budgets, the budget of the European Union and the international financial institutions will not be able to find the necessary resources to bridge the gap in the area of infrastructure in good time.
The presidency referred to the European Unions intensive work in this area in recent weeks and months, giving an overview of the various activities being undertaken in that field and reporting on the progress of discussions in the General Affairs Council.
In the case of the United States, the Commission believes that the legal system contains the guarantees necessary for a normal and objective discharge of justice, with particular reference to the right to a proper defence and the existence of appeal procedures.
Generally speaking, we think that if we are to deal with widely different situations, we need comprehensive knowledge both of the different crops and production systems and the practical situations in the different Member States and their regions, if we are to prevent artificial discrepancies, by-the-back-door privileges or greater injustices.
I support the aims that have been mentioned of ensuring the concentration and continuity of aid and accessibility, although I would have liked to see more effective concentration in practice on areas where Europe can genuinely add value.
Indeed, I am not opposed to the proposal for a directive, which aims to eliminate the derogation for agricultural products and game in Article 2 of the Council Directive of 25 July 1985 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning liability for defective products.
We call upon the Commission to take the initiative in the following areas: child care in the Member States, improved access for women to education, and the provision of new information on the situation of women in the applicant countries, both on the labour market and in society.
The objective is to help the regions that have economic problems, which is why we would approve the idea proposed by the Commission of concentrating assistance on the regions which lag behind in development, namely the Objective 1 regions. From a geographical point of view also, Objective 1 regions should receive assistance amounting to exactly two thirds of Structural Fund resources.
The vital issue is now that of the changes in the governments negotiating stance, to solve the vital issue of increasing funds overall in order to tackle the new problems and burdens resulting from enlargement and prevent the financing of that enlargement from being carried out exclusively at the cost of the current cohesion countries, by jeopardising the very appropriations allocated from the Structural Funds.
During the course of this year, I myself attended the Conference of Presidents to be present for the assessment of the programmes. And my colleague, Mr Oreja, also attended the Conference of Committee Chairmen to discuss the legislative programmes and the work programme.
It is also extremely important to make it clear that the Commission will become more independent because any conflicts of interest will be prevented by the declaration of external interests, by the obligation to refrain from taking part in certain discussions and other aspects addressed in the report.
Unfortunately the truth lies elsewhere, as we have said since the outset: the Commissions proposals are interesting and important, but the resources earmarked are inadequate to sustain them from a quantitative and qualitative point of view.
Finally, I disagree with the proposal for pre-accession financing of agricultural measures in the applicant countries from the Guarantee Section, and I support the entry of a separate category of pre-accession aid, one that is independent of the guideline for agriculture.
It is a matter of strengthening post-landing controls, strengthening cooperation between Member States and the Commission, tightening controls on third country vessels and even using new technology such as satellite controls. Lastly, there is also the matter of harmonising the concepts of infringements and penalties.
Secondly, because talking about the defence industry is a direct reminder of the need to get the common foreign and security policy off the ground, which is essential to the European Unions international credibility - and here I believe coordination with the applicant countries in the enlargement process is important too.
For me it is crucial that this balance is secured in the best way possible, so that in future, copyright holders will be assured of payment for the use of their work, without severely limiting the range of information available to ordinary citizens.
The plans will stipulate what must happen for good status to be achieved, including pollution control, promoting more efficient use of water, regulating obstruction and introducing a charging system.
So while the Council has not even started discussions on the text, and taking into account the absolute need to preserve the political viability of the proposal - notably within the Council - it is wiser at this time, and particularly at this stage, to act with some caution.
While I appreciate the emphasis given by Parliament to collective agreements or derogations in Amendment No 12, nevertheless the Commission considers that Member States should be offered the opportunity to provide clear rules through national legislation as in the general working time directive.
Mr President, today sees the culmination of a procedure which turned out to be longer and more complex than expected, due to the need to break down the Commissions initial proposal into two texts according to the various geographical areas where Community cooperation action regarding human rights and the development of the rule of law and democracy might be called for.
The Commission should draw up an accession partnership and provide for a programme of financial assistance for the pre-accession period to help the Maltese authorities to bridge the economic gap that remains between Malta and the European Union.
We would seriously urge the Commission actively to monitor the situation with regard to consumer protection and to keep an eye on how the recommendations on the security and reliability of such means of payment are being followed. As soon as possible, we need to see the appropriate measures put in place to protect consumers.
The State bears the cost of crime prevention and takes the necessary decisions where there is suspicion of serious criminal activity. Very strict regulations and technical provisions may need to be put in place.
On the one hand, this protection should be justified and should comply with some of the provisions and requirements set out in the rules of the World Trade Organisation. On the other hand, it should come under the legislation that the European Union itself has drawn up to govern its trade with third countries and with developing countries.
But this is the first time that the legal competition authority has stopped the rigging, stopped the discriminatory sales and the first time that any competition authority in the world has prevented for all future time the use of discriminatory methods in the sale of tickets.
The Commission has made efforts to improve and to clarify the Convention being considered before the House today in order to make its application more transparent and also to take into account the relevant agreed provisions in the European Community-United Nations global arrangement.
The European Parliament has often underlined the importance of energy-efficient actions and the Council has also emphasised the need for energy savings and a reduction in CO2 emissions in a series of resolutions.
It seems important to me, nonetheless, firstly to have an in-depth study made as soon as possible in order to determine as precisely as possible the possible impact of this agreement on the economy of Réunion, and secondly to establish a permanent mechanism for supervision, establishing the conditions for quick intervention.
We have a duty to remember that this constant flow of illegal immigration is posing an enormous burden, in particular in inner cities, on our national health service, social services and social security system as well as putting huge pressure on our limited housing stock.
In terms of the ability of the programme to spearhead the values of Parliament, it is a tremendous success. Socrates is vital to the expansion of the educational capacity of our young people, not only in terms of their cultural capacity but in terms of their economic foundation as well.
The European Union has always taken the lead on phasing out the production and use of ozone-depleting substances, and in terms of environment policy Parliament has been the European Unions conscience.
The new programming period for 2000 to 2006 can therefore start being funded and it is starting with a new programme which emphasises that aid from the structural funds should, at the same time, help to improve gender equality, environmental protection and the employment situation.
In 1996 an evaluation of the impact of the two positive action programmes on achieving equal opportunities in the Commission revealed that there had been significant changes in the situation of female staff in Category A and in management posts, particularly as a result of the annual targets adopted by the Commission.
In its 1996 report on the application of the Community system for fisheries and aquaculture, the Commission informed the European Council and Parliament that, as things currently stood, no application had apparently been made to alter this aspect of Community law.
In its conclusions, the Council firstly recognizes that the practical experience of implementation demonstrates the need for a review of the regulation, and secondly, it welcomes the Commissions proposal to amend the regulation, calls on the Permanent Representatives Committee to continue discussing the Commissions proposals - this would indicate that matters could be resolved within a relatively short space of time - and challenges the Commission to pursue this specific matter of information.
As in the first reading, the rapporteur has adopted a very supportive stance in his recommendation and I am glad to say that his four proposed amendments provide the basis for an acceptable compromise between the common position of the Council and the Commissions proposal.
In addition, the Commission will fulfil its undertaking to launch a consultation, particularly with car manufacturers and spare-part producers in order to examine the possibilities of finding a voluntary agreement on the spare-parts issue.
In more detail, the first reading provides for the creation of 109 posts and only 10 conversions, modification of the establishment plans of the institutions by converting some permanent posts into temporary ones, and transfer to the Commission of five posts taken from the other institutions for the medical insurance service.
I would like to reiterate the fact that the Treaty calls for a dual legal basis before implementing any Community expenditure. There must be a financial basis, so it must be entered in the Community budget, and there must be a legal basis, so a secondary act must have been adopted.
Instead of developing the European Coal and Steel Community into an agency on industrial policy, which would be able to tackle the problems of the energy and raw materials sector in a really constructive way, we have simply dissolved it and said: the market will see to the rest.
We need to debate and consider the frontiers of the Union, the political objectives of the Union, the methods for decision-making and governing with more than 15 countries, and the methods for defending this body and for making its voice heard in world affairs.
It is evident in both the Commission communication and the report that it is the existence of protectionist measures with regard to trade in buses within the internal market which is the prime concern and is the reason for both the report and the Commissions proposal.
Workers educational associations, municipal libraries, school libraries, book clubs, and so on, have been trying since the last century to motivate people to educate themselves more by reading quality literature.
The objective and what is at stake is important as the euro must be given a voice so the Community can be present in the international monetary arena to defend its interests, to participate in managing and preventing crises and, on a more general level, to adapt the international monetary system.
In other areas, however, such as digital signatures, copyright in the information society, the residential rules applicable to workers and credit service telesales, discussions are still in progress both in the Council and in Parliament.
Is it intended to make it mandatory on national governments to implement such a regional policy, thus providing jobs in the regions to sustain rural communities and provide off-farm employment for farmers who do not have viable farms and other rural dwellers?
Naturally, the Commission and the Member States fully support the implementation of the oil for food programme, which is administered by the United Nations. This allows the sale of oil up to a value of USD 5 000 million over six months, in order to obtain humanitarian supplies and spare parts and equipment for the oil-producing plants.
In light of this resolution, which was unanimously supported by the Security Council, we are calling on the European Commission and the Council to do the same. We want the Commission, Parliament and the Council to clearly set out in one document - in a resolution - their support for the Secretary-General of the United Nations and for the efforts being made.
As long as waste in the EUs terminology continues to be treated as merchandise, there will be an incentive for large producers of waste in EU countries with strict rules on waste management to ship their waste to facilities in other Member States which only comply with the EUs minimum rules.
We need those who formulate monetary policies, we need management and labour, and we also need a bold approach at long last from the Commission and the Council if we are to achieve the modernisation of our infrastructure policy and the creation of a public-private partnership to provide investments that will effectively generate employment.
The non-attached Members endorse both the joint action on the improved exchange of information to combat counterfeit travel documents and the joint action to introduce a minimum standard for the equipment used by the responsible authorities.
However, they are still less than the participation measures recommended some time ago, in particular by the studies of the European Foundation. This body carried out a major survey in 1991 and defined the following three models of participation: participation as a productive force, participation as a democratic force and participation as a set of positive forces.
The question about the 48 hours, the reference period of one year, the holidays - unless we are dealing with share-fishermen - the question of medical assessment and adequate rest will be defined in a further directive which has been promised.
In order to overcome the general information deficit among the people of Europe as regards their rights, we call on the relevant administrative departments of Parliament and the Commission to establish telephone advice centres in the Member States, and in particular to go on developing the whole sphere of information and communication technology with all the opportunities it offers.
Furthermore, the international community, working inter alia through the Organisation of African Unity, but with the European Union playing an active role, should back this agreement and get to work preparing an economic assistance programme of both emergency and long-term aid, to allow the country to recover in economic terms as well.
Some common ground has come into view; for example, with regard to the importance attached to access to justice, the development of a coherent strategy in the field of immigration and asylum, the protection of the weaker groups and those suffering from discrimination, or the strengthening of the mechanisms used in the fight against organised crime.
In this absence of referral to Parliament, the area of freedom, security and justice, which specifically represents the establishment of a structure of individual claims for protection and of possibilities of intervention in the individual sphere, cannot be established in a way that is really democratically justified.
To lighten the burden of these obligations, Community directives and regulations on the subject provide for closer co-operation and an exchange of information between Member States, to avoid overlapping, to make it easier to acquire information on vessels, and to standardise practices in Member States.
In order that the right compromises can be made between the different and complex issues facing the international trade system today it does indeed seem essential that the talks should cover a comprehensive agenda from traditional tariff reductions to crucial issues such as the environment and labour standards, and new topics such as competition and investment.
We are not making policies as a game between the Commission, the Council and Parliament for our own benefit, but in order to create the best possible conditions for the development of the European Union and for the people with whom we are dealing.
From 1950 to 1970 world economic growth and the expansion of world trade ran roughly in tandem, but since then economic growth has been increasing at only half the pace of world exports: so again there is no evidence there that increased trade leads automatically to further economic growth.
The Presidency is asking the legal departments of the Commission and the Council to report on the legal aspects of the issue in a Working Group this week.
The process of enlargement has begun and the presidency has not flinched from ensuring that a firm start has been made on difficult issues like the reform of the common agricultural policy and the Structural Funds.
I believe that the key measure is to raise the education standards of our peoples within the European Union and to raise their training standards so that they are better able to take on the global challenges which every company trying to export beyond the European Union faces.
The other problems, too, such as quality improvement, forwarding of statistical data or various control questions are also to be examined during the transitional period.
The action was brought against a decision of the European Commission in 1995, to finance projects to combat poverty and social exclusion, although the proposal for a legal base for the Poverty 4 programme had been blocked in Council.
This new proposal has been seized upon as an opportunity to implement other recommendations which appear either in the Commissions report on the general system for the recognition of professional qualifications, or in the Commissions report on specific training in general medical practice.
My speech, therefore, will concentrate on the proposal put to us by the Committee on Legal Affairs, that the legal basis of the proposal for a decision be changed and that we use Article 129a relating to consumer protection, instead of Article 130 relating to the competitiveness of industry.
The proposal for environmental levies does not even guarantee that revenues will be used to finance environmental protection actions, to promote activities relating to sustainable production models, and to boost the use and production of environmentally friendly technologies.
Moreover, inadequate prevention and lack of proper surveillance are the result of the delay in the completion of the national land registry and the non-existence of national action plans within the framework of Community Regulation 30897 for the protection of Community forests against fire.
First, I must mention the mechanism to evaluate the application and implementation at national level of international undertakings in the fight against organized crime, a joint action programme already approved by the Council of Ministers on 4 November 1997.
It is not simply a question of car manufacturers and the technology they employ; the governments have been particularly timid in bringing forward incentives, shall we say, for people to use vehicles other than their cars so they are not persuading people to do so.
However, as those speakers have mentioned, very little progress has been made on this, partially because of the unanimity requirement under Article 99 but also because of a lack of action on behalf of the Commission and other institutions to force out the boat with regard to giving proper representation to the true ideals of the single market.
Mr President, today we are dealing with three regulations pursuant to Article 1066 of the Treaty, covering the application of minimum reserves, the power to impose sanctions and the collection of statistical information by the European Central Bank, which have been drawn up according to a special procedure laid down by the Treaty.
The real economic impact of the speculative movements and the loss of growth that has resulted from this crisis of confidence, which actually has nothing at all to do with purely economic developments, cry out for a change of system.
Also practical suggestions for improving EU cooperation in apprehending and prosecuting drug dealers and for seeking support from the authorities and people of those countries which are the main sources of illegal drugs.
In any event, and irrespective of any changes which might be made to the proposal from the ECJ and CFI, the Commission believes that it is premature to adopt, without further reflection, the principle of the single judge as a normal operating method of the Court of First Instance in the future.
We agree with the rapporteurs decision not to endanger the existence of the directive by insisting on Parliaments amendments, following the statement by the Commissioner responsible in favour of taking the protective measures recommended by Parliament.
In the EU the concentration of nitrate in water has been regulated by two directives: the 1975 Surface Water for Abstraction of Drinking Water Directive and the 1980 Drinking Water Directive.
Pursuant to Article 118A of the Treaty on European Union, the Council must adopt, by means of directives, the minimum provisions to promote the improvement of working conditions and guarantee workers the highest level of health and safety protection.
Let me explain that in the Committee on Budgets we did not increase the sum proposed by the Commission, but in the spirit of the statement of 6 March 1995 we proposed that it should be possible to review the sum within the annual budget procedure, up to a level of 20 %.
I also entirely share Parliaments concerns and the proposals it has made to improve the assessment of the programmes, both from the point of view of the measures taken at Community level, and as regards their effect in modernising education and training systems.
Mr President, there can no longer be any doubt that the Single Market, the information society, technological inventions, the Internet, financial services and electronic commerce have revolutionised the use of non-cash means of payment.
Ethics committees play a particularly important role in protecting subjects who volunteer for trials: it will be they who evaluate the relevance of the trial, the protocol, the suitability of the investigators and the available facilities.
Madam President, the Commissions Green Paper uses the pretexts of the ageing population and the fall in the number of workers to open the door to pensions funds for supplementary pensions.
The situation is unsatisfactory if different national regimes play a part in preventing workers from taking up employment in other countries, or expose them to the possibility of either forfeiting their occupational pensions or seeing their value decrease when they move to another country.
As the rapporteur, I have again been subject to pressure from users of these statistics who are legitimately interested in receiving detailed and quality information on intra-Community trading of goods and who are keen to maintain the finest subdivisions, with eight-digit codes, in order to have cheap and reliable economic information.
We did so, as I believe that the proposal for the directive presented by the European Commission is a good step forward in harmonising national and international regulations regarding the transport of dangerous goods on Community inland waterways.
It had been my public position in this House and in the media for some weeks prior to that vote that the decision on discharge of the 1996 budget was a clear statement about the financial competence or otherwise of the European Commission.
Hence the obvious need to adopt the appropriate policies, designed in particular to preserve the competitiveness of the EU maritime sector, which accounts for 2.5 million jobs, and to safeguard the prospects for cooperation with the applicant countries and the Unions Mediterranean neighbours, which also represent a major challenge for the immediate future.
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office, the Commissions proposals on the organisation of the market in milk cover three main areas: price support, income support for milk producers, and the provision on guaranteed quantities.
The third aspect of this strategy for developing the internal market in medicinal products is the development of the single market itself and, more especially, the development of the principles of free movement and competition in the context of economic regulation in this sector, in which products are subject to strict checks in terms of pricing and returns.
What we need, and we in the PPE Group are arguing for this, is a comprehensive solution embracing asylum and refugee issues, which provides for burden sharing and for measures to counter abuse.
In the United States operators freedom of access is recognised, while in the European Union, under pressure from the large multinationals and with the pretext of combatting piracy, the scope which authors and independent groups have to express themselves is being reduced.
The heads of both Committees have been consulted on these two amendments and have responded positively, suggesting that in addition to the provisions of the Rules, it may be appropriate to draft a code of conduct regulating exchanges between the European Parliament, the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee.
With reference to Rule 1571, second paragraph, of the Rules of Procedure of the European Parliament, the Committee on Petitions welcomes the guidelines for specialist committees of the European Parliament considering petitions, which have been drawn up by the Conference of Committee Chairmen.
As it seeks to increase the share of the railway sector in the transport of goods and persons, the liberalisation of rail transport naturally relates to sustainable development and respect for the European Unions international commitments in terms of environmental protection.
Monetary stability is part of a more general policy, and experience has shown that whenever we adopt an economic policy - and, even more so, a monetary policy - which has a single objective, ignoring consequences elsewhere in the economy, the results are not very good.
In accepting these amendments, we will not only send out an unmistakeable signal from the Union on the fight against fraud; we will also help improve the competitiveness of businesses and, as a result, promote economic growth and job creation within the Community.
With this proposal, the Commission is aiming to limit the competence of the host state to determining the required proportion of Community nationals in the crew, while all other matters relating to manning will be the responsibility of the flag state.
It is about the whole management structure of the Commission; the relationship between the staff and their directors; the relationship between the directors and the directors-general; the relationship between the directors-general and the Commissioners and their cabinets.
In my capacity as rapporteur, I therefore wished to take advantage of the opportunity provided by consultation and present a political report on this plan and its implementation. Parliament should not be criticised for failing to put forward its opinion at a more appropriate moment as it was consulted at an impossible time.
The way the Commission has organised the pilot projects carried out in the last two years has not been particularly satisfactory, since the Member States have not been properly informed about the development of the projects and nothing has been done to help them to participate.
Rather than distorting the objective criteria for allocating resources, the European Council decided to set aside a small proportion of the budget within the overall budget to deal with such cases in the appropriate manner.
Before the end of the new financial perspective, the Commission will have the opportunity to once again examine the own resources system, including the effects of enlargement and the question of new autonomous own resources, something that is close to Parliaments heart.
The EUs prime agenda now must be to work for a political solution; to put a end to ethnic cleansing; to support the refugees; to stop the bloodbath; and to provide realistic possibilities for the refugees to return.
Abuse of the money which belongs to the people of the Union damages the Communitys reputation; headlines about it weaken public support for integration and push the Unions successes into the background.
The promise of full compensation for price cuts given in 1992 has not been honoured in Agenda 2000 decisions, and while farmers suffer much lower prices, the cost of the common agricultural policy continues to rise.
The Greens are proposing a number of measures on the active, global and massive reduction of working hours, and on support for sustainable economic activities, which are creating employment, in sectors such as the construction of accommodation, public transport, renewable energy.
Madam President, Commission President, 1999 has been a difficult year for the mainstream EU institutions in that problems which surfaced over issues such as the accountability about the administration of various EU initiatives had strained relations between the European Parliament and the Commission.
Furthermore, ECHO has all the while been involved in assessing the size of the aid package needed and co-ordinating Union aid so that it gets to where it is needed most right now.
The European Union and, in particular, the European Parliament have always expressed their unconditional support for the attempts to help the Middle East peace process and to assist the Middle East.
Quote: As long as the generally-held view in Iran is one which defines dissidents as people of another faith and which derives the right to decide on whether people should live or die, or the right to take the fate of the country into their own hands, from religion, the country s political climate will continue to be poisoned and politically-motivated violence is to be expected .
I know that the European Parliament closely follows the development of the Middle East peace process and that there is a good deal of expertise here in matters relating to the region, as shown by the study published by the Parliament on the subject.
I think our deliberations today have been very much about the key issues of environment and agriculture and also the social clause issue, but I want to bring to your attention the specific needs of the cultural industries and the audiovisual sector.
Mr President, we believe that it is particularly important that in the debate on the budget, amendments have now been approved in committee which support the Commission and ask it to back the campaigns and actions in favour of the moratorium on executions and, in the long term, the abolition of the death penalty.
Consequently, Madam President, I think that Members of Parliament must, of course, be subject to a rigorous internal inspection system, and I am the first to say so, but I do not believe that the text establishing this control should be one that is simply derived from the standard decision applicable to just any individual within the administrative bodies of the Community.
In this way, the emphasis was placed on convergence and on common rules on asylum procedure, on the creation - albeit in vague terms - of a financial instrument for situations in which the temporary protection of refugees is required, on closer judicial cooperation, on recognising judicial decisions etc. The principles have been laid down and are on the whole positive ones.
Mr President, the recent decision of the US Senate to reject ratification of the comprehensive nuclear test-ban treaty has set an unpleasant precedent for the efforts by the people of the world to create lasting peace and stability.
They are two different things. While the Community body aims for a harmonised, systematic collection of general statistics from various States, with the public and administrations as its main clients, who therefore provide it with work, the observatory has more specific and focused objectives, according to the market and the statistical requirements of firms and professionals.
Just as we demand it of the European Central Bank in the dialogue, we must also call for greater transparency on the part of the Council of Finance Ministers, the Jumbo Council, the Social Affairs Council and the European Council, and demand direct European Parliament participation.
It is essential that demands for a five-day, 35-hour, working week with no more that 7 - 8 hours work per day, are met, and with pay rises. We must also put an end to regulations obliging seafarers to work a 12-hour day as standard.
This programme, as I have said, will be an important weapon in the fight against violence towards women, young people and children in terms of improving social and media awareness of the need to help and protect the victims of violence.
During the last Parliamentary term, I tabled a report on behalf of Parliament on the protection of children and the family in which I asked for a visible budget for our children and for the creation, within the Commission, of a special unit responsible for protecting children and the family.
A complete study of eutrophication and groundwater problems and vulnerable zones designation by Member States has already been achieved by the Commission.
It is important in the context of the next round of EU Structural Funds 2000-2006 that measures under the various EU programmes be screened so as to guarantee that they comply with all national and EU legislation in the field of equal opportunities.
In this ruling, the President of the court ordered that the Act of the European Parliament of 14 September 1999 adopting the interpretation proposed by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs of Rule 29 of Parliament s Rules of Procedure should be set aside.
We promised to increase womens participation in conflict resolution and protect women in armed conflicts, yet women still make up the overwhelming majority of those affected by armed conflict but are absent from peace negotiations and peace transition initiatives.
I share the rapporteurs view that we need to promote endogenous, environmentally-compatible development in our island regions, to support new forms of tourism which focus more on the natural, cultural and historic heritage of the islands and to encourage the use of alternative energy resources in these regions.
It is good that the report offers proposals on initiatives to avoid conflicts, securing democracy, strengthening respect for human rights, working for increased legal security, introducing social clauses on democracy and human rights into trade agreements and increasing the utilization of recommendations and public hearings, etcetera.
Our fear is that the regional and structural policy of the Union is being mapped out using measurements made by a very peculiar pair of compasses which shape programmes and regional, that is, island assistance, not in accordance with fundamental problems and real needs but in order to accommodate the interests which prevail at the time.
The Commission welcomes the European Parliaments constructive cooperation in this extremely difficult and sometimes emotional subject, which is of the utmost importance both within the EU and from an international point of view.
Mr President, the terms of the Council Directive on prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose of money laundering also apply fully to the period of transition to the euro in terms of the exchange of national currencies into the single currency.
However, we would like add the words in compliance with the Community legislation in force in order to point up the link with current legislation, in particular the Directive on authorizations and the Directive on competition in mobile telecommunications.
However, in the absence of a European legal framework, the projects financed by the European Commission which affect the urban environment have not received either sufficient resources or the coordination which the citizen has the right to expect.
In Article 7 of his draft act , the rapporteur has had the good sense and the courage to introduce a proposal for transnational lists covering 10 % of the total seats available in the European Parliament.
Following the debate which took place at the meeting of the Development Council on 18 May, which the Member referred to, the Foreign Ministers of the European Union discussed the situation in Sudan on 25 May and 29 June.
I would also like to take this opportunity to emphasize that the coming reform of the common agricultural policy basically demands, and reinforces the need for, the attribution of sufficient weight to environmental questions, also in the light of this sustainable development strategy to which we have pledged our support.
In conclusion, I agree with the Ombudsmans decision to target his latest publicity at citizens and organisations that deal with European Community institutions and bodies, as his powers are limited to investigating maladministration by such European Community institutions and bodies.
Its purpose is to open a dialogue to help find a way to restore the rule of law and respect for democratic principles with a view to normalising relations, including the provision of EU-funded cooperation projects.
In order to make it easier for citizens to seek access to documents and facilitate the processing of cases involving access to documents, the institutions and organs of the EU must have the same general, clear and readily-available administrative rules in this area.
Like with all great actions, this one has its risks: in this case, the risk is that Europe will become a great washing machine to launder money. This situation can be avoided through serious international cooperation and can certainly be overcome through cooperation and the creation of a common judicial and legal area.
In order to follow up the meeting in Buenos Aires, and taking into account the national strategies which the Member States adopt, the Commission intends to present a wider-ranging implementation strategy for climate change in the first half of 1999.
But the starting point of the directive, as given in the explanatory statement, is as follows: the Commission says it is clear that evaluation of the environmental impact of certain projects is taking place too late in the development, planning and decisionmaking process.
On the contrary, we must not disguise the extent of the crisis. Furthermore, its immediate causes must be correctly identified, in particular the singular responsibility of a parliament, dominated by the Communists, which blocked the development of the legislative framework essential to the establishment of the rule of law.
Yes, we all need to grasp the full consequences of current events and to acknowledge the failure of development concepts based purely on the free market, with the invisible hand bringing emerging economies into global capitalism at very little cost to rich countries.
The Commission is currently gathering information from their representatives to gain a full picture of the risk and to pursue the reflection on the need and feasibility of establishing at Union level some basic ethical requirements.
Todays adoption by Parliament of the secondary legislation permitting the imposition of sanctions for failure to comply with the monetary element of minimum reserves and on the collection of statistical information represents a very important step in this direction.
We think that ship safety issues should be covered more broadly still, and in particular that their implementation should be monitored, because from a practical standpoint we can see that the situation is a long way both from what we are calling for here today, and from the measures enacted in the European Union.
The communication lists five headings under which specific measures should be taken: natural resources, including areas covered by the habitats and birds directives; agriculture; fisheries; regional policy, together with town and country planning; and development cooperation.
Our committee thus approves the decision dated 8 July to make an initial transfer in gold of 15 % of the exchange reserve assets from the national central banks to the European Central Bank.
The entry into operation of Economic and Monetary Union, and consequently too the European Central Banks assumption of responsibility for monetary policy, coincide with a period of exchange-rate fluctuations and pressures which, I would like to hope, are temporary but, as it seems, are not an isolated phenomenon but one that is fairly generalised and needs careful and prudent handling.
This agricultural budget attracts particular public interest because it accounts for almost half of the entire EU budget and because, sadly, sufficient care has not always been taken in the past to comply with this housekeeping principle of economical and proper use of tax revenues.
The report emphasises the need to strengthen the existing legislative framework, particularly in the areas of labour organisation, workers individual and collective rights and social measures aimed at regulating a free market economy.
Mr President, the Green Paper on supplementary pensions in the single market had two main aims: firstly, to launch the widest possible debate on ways of ensuring the financial sustainability of pension schemes in the Member States.
It is clearly by encouraging competitiveness that employment will be assisted, not only in the aerospace sector but also in other sectors. It is these efforts to increase competitiveness which have allowed the loss of jobs, which started in 1990, to be halted.
In view of the high gold reserves held by the national central banks, this proposal makes sense from both a monetary and an economic point of view, because it precludes the adverse effects on the price of gold that would result from any dissolution of gold reserves.
They identify as key factors sustainable development, quality food production, consumer safety, protection of the environment and biodiversity, animal welfare and rural development.
Parliaments view is that it is extremely important for the reform of the Common Agricultural Policy to be harmonised with the interests and wishes of the large majority of the population, who are now certain to escalate their efforts to frustrate and avert this policy.
In 1998, only half as much grain was harvested as had been expected; the potato harvest does not appear to have been much better; and in the allotments, which most Russians have - and which indeed they need for their basic food supplies - much poorer yields have also been produced.
The President of the Commission has given a commitment to present to the next designated President, on the basis of the evaluation, a global concept of how to organise the portfolios of the Commissioners and how to structure the directorates-general in accordance with political priorities.
It is therefore gratifying to see that the priorities of the JRC have now been changed, so that research into fusion energy is to be scaled down and research stepped up into the treatment and storage of radioactive waste.
Observers who pointed out at the time of the euro launch that the common currency offered great opportunities but harboured equally great risks for the EU, depending on the Member States attitude to the process of further political communitarisation, will, I believe, be proved right.
Because of reform of the EU financial systems and reductions in structural funding and cohesion funding to certain countries under the Agenda 2000 reform package, it is essential that we find new ways of financing these very essential projects.
The third and most fundamental reason is the decision to base this reform on the need for capital returns through a reduction in agricultural prices, and not on the needs of producers, consumers or society.
Parliament focused its report on the need to respond to the challenges facing humanity in terms of food, energy, the environment, water supply and sustainable development.
I believe that both humanitarian aid in general and the specific projects are a very important asset to the suffering population, as well as a good and vital contribution by the European Union, by the Commission, Parliament and the Council - the budgetary authority and the executive.
In order to alleviate the negative social effects often caused by industrial restructuring, the European Union established various legal instruments designed to guarantee that this type of operation takes place in an acceptable social climate and that due consideration is given to the interests of those who may be affected.
I also believe that these measures will have to be accompanied by the development of safeguards in the areas of health, agriculture and ecological protection, because as the change in climate becomes ever more apparent, dangers will emerge that we may never have contemplated.
Internationally, the Commission will continue to act to ensure that the principle of reciprocity is established in the context of the current World Trade Organisation negotiations on the modification and simplification of the public procurement agreement.
Amendment No 2 implies that the shipment of waste on the green list to countries which have not replied to the questionnaire can take place under the procedure for the orange list, which only requires tacit consent from the importing country.
Finally, I will just mention briefly that the Commission can accept Amendment No 17 on the time-limit for existing landfills, Amendment No 14 on supervision of landfills which are exempt from the directive and Amendment No 5 on the definition of liquid waste.
The Commission accepts Amendment No 39, which introduces an exception for broadcasters in respect of specific acts of reproduction necessary to facilitate a legitimate broadcasting act, because it meets a genuine technological need.
Finally, in its Green Paper on the introduction of the single currency, the Commission renewed its appeal to banks to treat the introduction of the euro as the golden opportunity to move towards a single payment area, at least for euro payments.
As a result of the introduction of the euro in the single market, the tax differentials between the various Member States are causing significant capital movements, and attempts are now being made to curb these, for example by introducing a minimum rate of taxation on income from capital invested by individuals.
A joint text setting out the financial framework is vital to enable finance ministers to allow their opposite numbers in the agriculture ministries to implement the long-debated reform of the common agricultural policy, but there was no consensus.
Mr President, the decision-making surrounding this water framework directive has certainly been a clumsy affair as a result of the informal political agreement that the Council reached without waiting for Parliaments first reading.
Under the programme we will continue to provide support for NGO cooperation within the European Union but we will also be able to include cooperation with NGOs in the candidate countries.
Equal opportunities have, after all, a lot to do with access to the labour market and, regardless of whether or not we agree with the position taken by the rapporteur and the Committee on Womens Rights which has been put before Parliament, it seems highly appropriate to recall - yet again and at the risk of repeating what has already been said about the subject - what day it is today.
Let me name three: the vote of no confidence against senior office holders of this House - no one group even has the right to express no confidence; the number of signatures in support of initiatives is increased from 29 to 32; it will become more difficult to table motions for resolutions.
We must ensure that the limited scope that does exist, in terms of both competence and resources, is harnessed to achieve maximum results in terms of cooperation, information exchanges, identification of best practice, and health education - as has already been done under the various specific programmes and the 1993 framework programme.
If next year we are to continue to provide structural support - the internal bridge between poor and rich regions - then we need an agreement on Agenda 2000 which, in small matters and in large, is characterised by solidarity, will be workable in the future and leaves no room for national egoism.
In the report before us, the majority of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy expresses its support for an economic policy based on the principles of welfare capitalism and its opposition to a dilution of the stability pact.
Moreover, the Commission proposal does not basically provide for premiums for the tobacco varieties to be redefined, thereby confirming the gradual reduction in real producer income as a result of the failure to make adjustments based on inflation levels in the Community.
Having extended the lifetime of the nuclear power stations with the help of EU aid, the applicant countries now claim that the safety of their nuclear plants has become so good that there is no reason at all to close them down.
Using an unskilled and underpaid workforce to gain a competitive edge in shipping is a threat both to EU employment policy and transport safety.
Instead, we must harmonise reception conditions, streamline and speed up the procedures for processing applications, and increase solidarity between the Member States in terms of sharing refugees and the burden imposed by the massive numbers arriving.
The Commission has opted for a twin-track approach, on the one hand amending the existing horizontal directive and on the other hand putting forward three specific vertical directives for the transport sector, EU seafarers and seafarers aboard vessels entering EU ports.
Not only does the Commission fully understand Parliaments concern about the delay in applying the computerised transit system, it has already had occasion to explain what it is doing in practical terms to bring the project rapidly to completion, and I am grateful to Mrs Peijs, Mr Kellett-Bowman and Mr Herman, who did us the honour of attending an initial practical demonstration of the system on 31 March.
However, despite the positive economic trend and significant structural reforms - reform of the administration, the health service, the pension system - there are still backlogs to be compensated for in various areas: the internal market, the lack of a system to oversee state aid, and the privatisation of the major public companies.
We did adopt a senior citizens programme a few years ago, but it was blocked in the Council by the Conservative Governments of Britain and Germany on the flimsy grounds that there was no reliable legal basis and that it was ultimately a matter for national governments to pursue such a policy.
The additional expenditure for rural development measures is discretionary in terms of amount and use and is no substitute for the loss of purchasing power resulting from the price reductions.
I believe both the EU and Member State Governments must further tighten and control the overall operation of the genetic research area and, in particular, the implementation of programmes that do not fully conform to established ethical, environmental and consumer guidelines.
In addition, the Union seems unable to formulate a strategy to combat the social causes of immigration and to provide aid to the countries of origin so as to reduce pressure on the European Union.
In order to nullify this inadequate exemption rule, the Commission drafted a White Paper in 1997 and made an announcement in 1998 which included a draft directive reviewing the working time directive.
Mr President, Commissioner, in April 1999, the European Parliament adopted at first reading its legislative resolution on the Commission proposal establishing a general framework for informing and consulting employees in the European Union.
The implementation of the law would lead to more effective border checks and reduce illegal immigration on the part of the nationals of applicant countries and nationals of third countries coming via these countries.
In its sitting of 9 and 10 December 1999, the Council held a large-scale debate on the Commission s new report on air traffic control, which was delivered to the Council and the European Parliament on the Single European Airspace.
Mr President, as I have already said, the Council has looked into this problem of flight delays and called on the Commission to act accordingly and, as I said in my reply, we have also already made headway this autumn in this matter.
The approach suggested by the honourable Member has both its advantages and drawbacks, as does that adhered to in compliance with the legislation in force that applies to the European Court of Justice.
It was therefore decided to put in place two types of financial assistance. On the one hand there would be loans - at the time EUR 245 million had been earmarked for loans to these three countries - and on the other hand, a gift of EUR 130 million, whose main objective was to reduce the burden of debt and to improve the ability of these countries to repay.
The citizens of Europe have a right to expect the European Ombudsmans office handling their complaints to have at their disposal a legal staff that have at least the same level of experience as those in the institutions of the Community which are being looked into.
It is to her credit that the rapporteur was prepared in the committee reading to accept proposals of compromise which give the report a much more balanced feel, and pay greater attention to the special circumstances pertaining to starch production in different countries.
But the proposal in the amendment that the decisions and minutes of the regulatory committee should be made publicly available is not acceptable since that is not in line with the recent agreement between the Commission and Parliament applicable since December 1996 on transparency and the publicity of committee meetings.
I should like to add a last remark about olive oil and draw to the Commissions attention the tensions and distortions that exist between the amounts of olive oil produced, the amount of financial aid provided, and the uncertainty of current methods of inspection.
The positions achieved are also the positions achieved by those countries, regions and companies which, in a common market, have enjoyed a situation of privileged competition. That is why cohesion arises: so that this competitive privilege can be borne in mind, and the least favoured regions can be helped.
However, the rest of the parties think the current proposals to maintain the excise duty rules and to maintain the age limits which we have on the sale of alcohol and tobacco are compatible both with the single market and the European Convention on Human Rights.
The Commission proposal for a Council Regulation amending the Council Regulation of 11 July 1994 must address two questions: the question of the legal base and the question of the duration of the regulation.
Amendments to the proposal for a regulation would therefore be helpful in order to better clarify the objectives and the terms of action, stressing the need to consolidate the peace process and coming up with a more detailed definition of the legal basis of this financial cooperation.
It is important that ethical guidelines are drafted on the use of clinical testing equipment which fundamentally seek to protect the tested persons privacy and ensure that the tests do not lead to discrimination based on inherited traits.
We should be pleased that this report deals with the working conditions of sectors and activities excluded from the working time directive, in particular, workers in the transport sector, fishing, doctors in training and the self-employed.
The response the Commission received to its recent questionnaire on the amendment of the common fisheries policy confirms the Commissions view that current provisions on the 612 mile zone should be upheld.
Generally speaking, already on 2 October 1997, the European Parliament defined the conditions in which live animals should be transported, emphasizing, in particular, that they should not travel more than eight hours and stating in more general terms that the transport should be limited to the closest place possible for slaughtering.
Collaboration between the Committee on Petitions and the European Parliaments other committees should also be improved; furthermore, as already stated, relations with the Member States also need to be improved, given the fact that the answers that we have had so far have been unsatisfactory and slow to come.
The directive was to harmonise the relevant law in Member States, but ultimately of course there will be a regulation establishing a Community law, with the Communitys own register and set of standards.
In other words, we must on the one hand continue to enunciate our major principles, because we have no reason to give up making demands at such a level. Yet on the other hand, we must also become aware of what is at stake in terms of quality of life, our living environment, food, water and air quality, as well as in terms of public health and, quite simply, the psychological comfort of being able to live in restabilised climates.
Moreover, it expresses the intention, in cases of a flagrant violation of European Union waste legislation, of inviting the responsible ministers of the relevant Member States to attend a committee meeting of the European Parliament to explain their policies.
Mr President, I am presenting the report adopted by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs on the proposal for a Council directive on a common system of taxation applicable to interest and royalty payments made between associated companies of different Member States.
I wish to say, on behalf of the Green Group, that we endorse the spirit of the Commissions amending regulation, but we also agree with the amendments put forward by Parliaments Committee on Fisheries.
As we know, a system for the application of minimum reserves has three fundamental functions: first, to stabilise interest rates on the money market; second, to create the conditions to deal with a structural liquidity shortage and third, to control monetary expansion.
Part of my thanks goes to the Council and the Commission, which recognise that as part of the budgetary authority Parliament has a role in deciding the future of the fee structures for this agency.
In the Commissions recent statement on energy efficiency, we reiterated our position on rational planning techniques and stressed that the Commission still regards this directive as important, particularly in the light of the development of energy services that will stem from the liberalisation of the market.
Mr President, this strategy must be the first in a series covering each of the interfaces of all other modes of transport, as telematic applications for the various forms of transport must fit into a strategy aimed at developing a general, integrated transport system.
Then, in 1994, the European Commission made an extensive new attempt at developing a plan for migration policy, by submitting a very comprehensive and substantial communication to the European Parliament and the Council on immigration and asylum policy.
The call for tenders for this study was published in the Official Journal of 10 July 1998, and I am happy to announce that the administrative preparations for the relevant contract are now in their final phase.
Nonetheless, overall, the Member States of the European Union contribute some 36 % of the United Nations operating budget together with some 39 % of the budget it allocates to peace-keeping activities, . These levels are considerably higher than the percentage of the worlds gross national product accounted for by the European Union, which stands at 30.8 %.
Mr President, the proposal for a Directive that we are about to discuss follows on naturally from Council Directive 9635EC on the harmonisation of examination requirements for the training of safety advisers in the field of transport of dangerous goods.
Unfortunately, the natural rules which created the dynamic equilibrium between life forms on our planet have been violated by human activities, which in recent years have accelerated the reduction of biodiversity.
The biggest political reserve is for humanitarian aid, all ECU 330 million of which have been put into a reserve fund for further investigation and continued action by the Commission.
One of the current priorities is the return of the homeless refugees, making provision for the approaching winter, providing assistance for people who have found temporary shelter with relatives and basic aid for the coming winter months. But in the end all these activities will succeed only if it proves possible to ensure the safety of those who are willing to return.
Although there are indications of an increasingly integrated market and there is a more competition-based environment in the Single European Market, particularly in insurance products for what are known as high-risk companies, the effectiveness of the single market in insurance still remains restricted due to a number of legal and fiscal barriers and barriers arising from the policies of individual countries.
Madam President, the Community has no common forestry policy, not only because none is mentioned either in the founding Treaties nor in their later revised versions, but also because practical experience over 30 years proves as much. The Community - its institutional bodies - always comes up with improvised and random measures, trying to patch up the deficiencies.
Thus, the Commission, by means of Directives 9273 and 9274, created a legal framework allowing patients access to the products of their choice while providing precautions to ensure the quality and safety of the products.
The Commissions proposals to simplify the aims and measures of the new programme are to be welcomed, as is their willingness to cooperate with Parliament and its committees in agreeing to introduce further improvements.
Turning first to the non-cash means of payment: the possibility of obtaining services from third parties without having to carry the corresponding cash - generally by using a debit card - not only makes life easier and things more flexible, but also paves the way to new forms of abuse.
There is not only the principle of subsidiarity, but also the need to separate the powers. However, it is clear that the necessary consequences will be discussed in the joint committees, and this is the case for both the monitoring committee, in which the Commission is also represented, and for this Joint Committee, which was set up because we realised that the system of pubic procurement is not working adequately.
Enlargement will obviously lead to increased expenditure, undoubtedly far greater than the contributions that the candidate countries would be able to make to Community funds. This means that the European Union is going to have to make a choice between two alternatives and only two: either we must make additional financial resources available for enlargement or we will have to reduce expenditure, in other words, cut back our current aims and policies.
Women were given attention in training and employment initiatives, but the Member States were far less enthusiastic when it came to infrastructure and regional policy.
We have an important opportunity to plan the future of the European Social Fund since the new Objective 3 that is proposed in the regulation will be exclusively applied in respect of the European Social Fund and its activities are closely linked to the development of the national employment plans.
It is therefore essential to see rural development as support for the creation of a range of additional occupations in rural areas, not just those relating directly to agriculture and food processing, important elements though they will certainly continue to be in such areas.
The European Parliament has always made clear that it wants the European Union to be serious about the issue of nuclear disarmament and this particular initiative is one further step on the path to global nuclear disarmament.
I have been informed by the Green Group, pursuant to Rule 1624, that it contests the interpretation of the provisions governing the discharge procedure that was announced to Parliament yesterday.
Our proposal was to involve economic and social groups, chambers of commerce and industry, employers organisations, unions, consumer organisations and environmentalists in these programmes.
Last month, I also pointed to the need for the relevant 1999 budget lines to have a budgetary remark which would enable the Commission to draw on outside assistance in carrying out its programmes.
We also consider joint liability of the manufacturer and the seller to be fundamental, and this really must be included in this directive. Of course it is also essential that the period of obligation to notify a fault is not reduced, so that the rights of the buyer and the consumer in this area are not restricted.
We have an obligation to ensure that the shift to the use of electronic signatures does not create technological barriers and there is, not just within the European Union, the need to promote the principle of interoperability on a worldwide basis.
Madam President, pursuant to Article 6 of Annex V to the Rules of Procedure, following the vote of 17 December on the 1996 discharge, the Committee on Budgetary Control must report back to Parliament at the subsequent part-session.
It was necessary to threaten the Commission with the sack in order to ensure that Parliaments demands for more scrutiny of budgetary procedures and financial management were met, and to force the Commission to undertake a root-and-branch review of the Commissions management of taxpayers money.
We must promote stability in the sector, particularly with regard to access to resources. The central issues must therefore be to guarantee the continuation of the exclusive national use of the territorial waters within the twelve-mile limit, and even to consider whether it needs to be extended and to guarantee the continuation of the international fisheries agreements.
But what we have also made provision for, especially in relation to encouraging investment in agricultural undertakings, is that if a farmer sets up stock-breeding systems that are particularly kind to animals and invests to that end he will receive greater support than a farmer who is only prepared to observed the minimum standards.
The Commissions proposal to cut intervention prices as a means of restructuring is being thwarted by the requirement that full compensation should be paid through direct support, and that new support measures or other forms of market intervention should be introduced.
The research stated that residents within three kilometres of a landfill site were associated with a significantly higher risk of congenital anomalies and that systematic environmental health surveillance is needed for municipal landfill sites and other pollution sources.
That business would enable them to use infrastructures built with state money and gain access to profitable parts of the rail network, while maintenance costs - in other words, the unprofitable aspect - would generally remain in state hands.
The Commissions recommendation for limiting the exposure of the public to electromagnetic fields is concerned with avoiding recognised acute effects of using such things as telephone equipment and electronic equipment, and the acute effect of the growing number of high-voltage transmission lines in residential areas.
Directing private investment to developing countries can best be achieved by strengthening the private sector and creating conditions - particularly economic, legal, administrative and regulatory conditions - that promote investment.
We talked, sometimes at considerable length, with the president of the National Assembly, the foreign minister, the deputy foreign minister, the energy minister, the spokesman-general for the army, and so on.
On behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I would like to point out that our immigration policy and the treatment of legal immigrants in the European Union are going to become increasingly vital issues in our relations with third countries.
I believe that the restructuring of the Commission services, the new legislative initiatives and also the discussion concerning the transparency of the scientific debate are important measures that need to be put into effect in future not only in the European Union but also at international level.
In relation to our foreign policy and our policy towards the United Nations, the European Union must make progress and speak out on two key issues: the ratification of the Statute of the permanent Criminal Court and the moratorium on capital executions, which was requested through a vote by the United Nations Commission in Geneva.
The Committee on Constitutional Affairs ruled as follows: The constitution of the Technical Group of Independent Members, a mixed group, is not in accordance with Rule 291 of the Rules of Procedure of the European Parliament.
There has been not one individual vote in any committee on any Commissioner, not one Commissioner has been forced to withdraw as a result of the questions as to his suitability and not one Commissioner has accepted any sort of responsibility for the events of the past.
Madam President, Madam President-in-Office of the Council, in fact, in these matters of European policy on rights, even with reference to the considerations for a Charter of Fundamental Rights, we have entered a decisive phase of the development of the European Union.
There has been an immediate and generous response from the European Union in terms of humanitarian emergency aid, but once the country has gained its independence it will be necessary to provide support for economic development and it will be at least as important to give our support to the establishment of democratic institutions.
Later tranches will concentrate on preparing roads for winter conditions, municipal twinning in which assistance from Member States is being requested, and subsequently public utilities, public buildings, economic reconstruction and institution-building.
The deregulation of the capital markets, the abolition of economic borders, changes in various models as a result of high technology and the information society and global competition are all factors which often precipitate drastic changes and restructuring in industrial production.
Therefore, we must handle this together so that the existing procedures, which the Commission regards as formal procedures; i.e. the calling-in of the nomination committee and also Parliament s right to conduct hearings of the candidates, and the role of the monitoring committee, can be included in the process.
My own group, the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party, is strongly committed to the general concept of developing a capacity for autonomous European action which correctly has been identified as a rapid response capability with the necessary logistical support.
In view of the lack of confidence in the European Union, as evidenced by, among other things, the low turnout at the election, and in view of the importance of preserving the EU s character as a union both of citizens and of Member States, we consider that it would be wrong to aim now for a financially autonomous EU or one which is totally independent of contributions from the Member States.
At present, there is a dearth of direct practical benefits, since, for example, developments in the euro zone as far as cross-border purchases and currency exchange services are concerned have not been to the satisfaction of the public.
The Committee on Budgetary Control held hearings with the candidates and produced a shortlist of three people, and I understand that tonight there will be a meeting to try to thrash out a decision between the representatives of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
In the light of the discussions on the report, the Commission will propose how to treat indicators and benchmarks of quality of education within the framework of the rolling agenda and the yearly Conference of European Ministers of Education.
Our view is that, given the importance which the work of the European Union and which our relations with Member States, undertakings and workers will have in the future, all four reports should be debated in detail in plenary and substantiated vis-à-vis the public at a more convenient time.
They are showing contempt for the wish and will of the international community as regards the right of people to live in peace, the right of people not to be oppressed, the right of people not to be killed with weapons made by western countries.
According to the Commissions explanation, on the one hand genetic modification procedures must be applied responsibly, and on the other hand the increase in scientific knowledge and findings in the last 10 years must be taken into account.
At the Plenary session we insisted on amendments in favour of the open and universal award of certificates of quality, support for the production and marketing of regional products, the rejection of productivityrelated criteria and most of all the introduction of a clear concept of modulation.
Furthermore, the details of the licence system for bananas and the coefficients of expansion to calculate the number of licences to be allocated every year to each group of traders are decided in the course of the management committee procedure.
In fact, the European Union has introduced the democratic clause as an important instrument in its relations with all other countries in order to give an example, in comparison to other powers, of our unmistakable desire to help establish a different international order.
The present proposal by the Commission, however, concentrates, as already mentioned, on the measures that are urgently necessary to overcome a crisis in the olive oil industry or rather to prevent an even greater crisis.
I would like the Commission to promote the establishment of voluntary cooperation panels at EU level, consisting of national and sectoral experts, social partners and, of course, Commission representatives, to help disseminate information and to raise awareness about the possibilities available through this scheme.
The basis of our support is centred on the rapporteurs criticism of the Commissions plan of action to increase the competitiveness of the European textile and clothing industry.
The Ambassador stated that the Ministry of the Interior had set up a special commission to receive and investigate complaints regarding infringements of human rights, and that the President had even intervened personally to ensure that no further such acts of violence would go unpunished.
The attitude of the Council and the paucity of means are all the more damaging since a close examination of the petitions is also an excellent way for the institutions to evaluate the extent of the application of and true respect for Community law in the various Member States.
Here the Council is proposing measures relating to handling, procedure and possibilities of emergency measures, as well as a network of contact points to prevent the disappearance of the assets of serious organized crime, such as drug dealing.
It should also be a principle that matters from a committee can be put onto the agenda of the Council of Ministers. The Commission and a committee must not be able to obstruct the legislative work of democratically elected representatives.
We ask for a reform of international financial institutions, greater transparency of markets with more financial information, better supervision and regulation of the financial sector and controls over short-term lending and speculation.
On the question of traffic in women and children, it was emphasised that it is particularly important carefully to observe the procedure under the human rights convention for drafting an additional protocol to the convention on childrens rights.
In my opinion it does not have an adequate legal basis to do so, and judging by the Commission proposal it has demonstrated a legal superficiality which does not show due appreciation for the subtle differences of civil law and the need for a European legal system of high standing and quality.
There appears to be a growing conviction of the need for increased international cooperation on family issues as part of the global effort to advance social progress and development.
However, this discussion has tended to focus too much on control in EU waters, with insufficient attention paid to control of EU activities in international waters and in the waters of third countries.
And I also think we should remember the efforts that have been made to strengthen the role of fundamental rights and the impact of society in the European Union, not forgetting the responses the citizens expect from the Union.
It is essential to maintain specific regulations for the audiovisual sector that are justified with regard to the issues of freedom of expression, pluralism, cultural diversity, minority cultures and preserving the public interest.
I hope the Commission, when preparing its green paper on the role of libraries in the information society, considers the views expressed in this report and takes them on board in order to promote a democratic information society for our citizens.
Furthermore, and with particular reference to Youth, the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs stresses the importance of promoting active and responsible citizenship in the European context, by advocating fundamental values such as solidarity and the encouragement of participation.
The political agreement achieved by the Council brought some improvement to the initial text since the individuals right of recourse to legal proceedings is eliminated in favour of a decision by the Commission and recourse to insurance.
The free movement of goods presupposes either the establishment of a minimum requirement, which applies to all Member States, or that Member States mutually agree to approve each others goods.
Agreement has shown itself to be the most effective way of achieving a functioning labour market. Getting the social partners to take greater responsibility for reaching agreement considerably strengthens the labour market.
I would like to stress that it is essential to review these countries debt so that it does not impede their possible recovery. Moreover, as we propose in our joint motion for a resolution, it is also vital to build the foundations for a medium and long-term recovery that will consolidate and restore the process that, as I said, I had the opportunity to see at first hand in July.
With regard to the proposals, the Commission has restricted itself to drawing up proposals for sectorial reforms, without having an overall plan. What is more, the reforms it is proposing are, in general, price reductions that are not partially compensated for by direct aid to incomes, and a widespread system of replacing purchasing intervention with aid for private storage.
An absolute condition for reducing the number of objectives and other changes to the Structural Funds is the transferral of the unaltered criteria for sparsely populated areas in Objective 6 to Objective 1.
As regards the very important issue of Agenda 2000, we will have to await the next European Council to see exactly where the governments wish to strike a balance between what the presidency conclusions call the spirit of solidarity and budgetary rigour.
In this connection, my group is tabling an amendment that reminds us of a fundamental principle, namely, the principle stating that Member States are competent to recognise and regulate nationality and that exercising civil rights is linked to having that nationality.
While I accept that the Treaty makes no reference to the right of Parliament to censure individual Commissioners, it is silent on the right of Parliament to demand an individual, clear political preference in respect of the conduct of Commissioners affairs.
It is the case that a large number of the European Parliaments amendments from the first reading were incorporated into the common position by the Council, either word for word or in substance, and the Commission is of the opinion that several of the additional proposals now being put forward by the committee could also help to make the proposal even clearer and more concise.
The Commissions statements about the way ports are to be financed aim to undermine public or public-law enterprises by giving notice of the systematic and strict application of the Community framework for state aid.
The content of the new agricultural policy must be finalised quickly, by the end of February, and my question is: are the Ministers of Agriculture still involved in any way in determining policy, or will the Heads of State and Government set the financial framework in advance at the summit in March?
Mr President, the time when my group thought state aid was the ideal solution is long past, and we now support the Commissions current view that state aid should be allowed only in special cases, such as for regional aid or research.
The tax authorities in the Member States are going to have to work with each other to make this proposal successful, and it must be a success because the current state of affairs is a recurring source of irritation for the business community.
Mr President, I should like first of all to apologise to the President-in-Office of the Council for the fact that so few members of my group are here - an important vote is currently being taken in the group on an issue that is one of the next on the agenda.
Mr President, this week the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party raised consciousness inside and outside this House of the fact that the rules of engagement for the democratic control of the European Commission by this Parliament are self-evidently inadequate.
Its aim is to provide assistance to improve the quality of the land, to organise and strengthen farmers associations and to supply the basic social infrastructure. It also aims to guarantee water supply, build schools and health centres, promote productivity and undertake projects with minor infrastructures.
With things the way they are, to adopt this worthless text that only advocates agreements with third countries offering a particularly attractive environment to non-residents, is to completely ignore the fact that Switzerland, for example - which is already rubbing its hands with glee - does not discriminate between residents and non-residents as regards taxation of savings.
That means tackling institutional reform not so much in terms of distributing powers between the Community institutions, but rather in terms of stressing the link that gives our mandates their legitimacy: the people we represent here.
I should like to take this opportunity to say that such actions must be given greater weight in the regional and structural policies of the EU during the next period, because this is the best, quickest and most far-sighted way for these regions to achieve growth.
The proposed directive is therefore a valuable and necessary initiative on the part of the Commission, providing for a uniform set of minimum indications and information codes on vehicle registration certificates in the EU.
I should also mention the substantial contribution which has been made towards improving operating practice in nuclear facilities and modernising them, in part by the supply of equipment and the promotion of greater awareness of the problem of waste management.
The promotion of renewable energy sources and increased energy efficiency are the keystones of our policy to tackle environmental pollution and to reduce CO2 emissions.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we have taken a decision in this Chamber which I, as the rapporteur in this instance, believe we have no authority to take. We decided that questions relating to employment contracts concluded between parliamentary assistants and Members should be governed by general administrative provisions adopted by the European Parliament.
I therefore hope that we can have greater cooperation on renewable energy resources so that nuclear power can be phased out in India, just as we want to phase it out in the EU countries.
Secondly, we must take the opportunity offered by the appointment of a new President and a new Commission to refocus the Commissions work on its main fields of responsibility as defined in the Treaties, while respecting the principle of subsidiarity.
I should also like to draw attention to the updates in the reports produced by the IDA team, which provide a very valuable reference base of examples of how the work of the European Union institutions is bringing real benefits to the citizens of the European Union.
Tackling child pornography requires the cooperation of Internet users who should be encouraged to inform law enforcement authorities if they discover or suspect that an Internet site is being used for the distribution of child pornography.
It supports proposals that are in harmony with its initial proposal dealing with the setting up of an advisory committee, doing away with the restrictions on the duration of the regulations application and the abolition of the financial reference amount.
Although there have been calls to broaden the mandate of the European Ombudsman to deal also with complaints against national authorities, especially in cases concerning freedom of movement, I still believe it is preferable to create an effective system of cooperation with the national ombudsmen and similar bodies.
Mr President, the 1996 and 1997 discharge procedures changed the way the institutions work together in the field of budgetary control - before, we only had cooperation of this sort with the budget.
As to the discharge reports for 1997, the Commission takes note of the fact that the Committee on Budgetary Control has proposed postponement of the discharge on institutional grounds connected with the Commissions resignation.
The Council disagreed and it added Article 99 of the Treaty as a legal base as a result of ministers view that the provisions on annual vehicle taxes in Chapter 2 make it a substantial fiscal measure.
Our Amendment No 2 sought to oblige the Commission to review the parameters of the guarantee fund in its annual reports and now, following the political decision, the Commission must review the parameters of the guarantee fund at the time of each accession.
In particular the relationship between the European Parliament and the European Commission must be hardworking and harmonious, so as to ensure that key elements of our EU legislative requirements are enacted in as an effective a manner as possible.
According to Article 6 of the Treaty on European Union, the European Union is founded upon a number of principles common to the Member States, namely the principles of freedom, democracy and respect for human rights, together with the fundamental freedoms and the principle of the constitutional state.
The committee also believes that the provision of quality statistical information should be a priority for the Union, particularly now that Economic and Monetary Union has been introduced in the euro area and we have prospects for a further enlargement of the Union.
Without wanting, of course, to call into question the authority of the Committee Chairman who has just spoken, I would find it wise, in the light of a request made by the largest group, to proceed more cautiously because, clearly, the absolute majority required makes the vote at the very least difficult, as we have seen.
The European Parliament, in the amendments which the Committee on Fisheries has presented, asks the Commission to pursue the matter, to inform Parliament and the Council, at least three months before the expiry of the agreement, so that its continuation may be ensured.
Currency standardisation has resulted in the standardisation of financial policies; the standardisation of financial policies has resulted in the standardisation of economic policies and the standardisation of economic policies in the standardisation of social policies.
Energy conservation, rational planning and renewable energies are agreed to be the most important way forward other than the CO2 tax, about which, as I have said, no agreement has yet been reached.
The increasing willingness for mergers between transnational companies and the impotence of the national state with regard to the formation of monopolies, oligopolies and cartels endanger the objectives of world trade to contribute to prosperity and peace worldwide.
But the next round of negotiations must also address new issues, such as development, the environment, health and food safety, fundamental social standards, competition and its transparency, minimal rules in terms of investment and the promotion of cultural diversity.
Demanding the immediate and unconditional abolition of capital punishment throughout the entire world today does not just mean promoting human dignity but also validating the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
On the contrary, the death penalty is the preferred weapon of totalitarian regimes because it is a symbol of the power of the state and of the humility of the individual in the face of the power of the state and, as we know, it is often used to annihilate opponents.
As I said before, Mr President, the Committee on Legal Affairs unanimously approved the regulations, but proposes a series of amendments intended to indicate that article 299.2, which is already in force, establishes an additional basis for the Commission s proposed regulation.
The attempt within the EU to include self-evident human rights issues in the report is very biased to say the least. Why does discrimination on account of race or ethnic origin receive preferential treatment over, for example, discrimination against women and homosexuals, which does not feature or hardly features as an issue at all?
With regard to EC regulations, we already have a directive which establishes a list of authorized additives for use in animal feed and a regulation which defines a Community procedure establishing the maximum residue limits for veterinary drugs in foods of animal origin.
In 1995 the position of this instrument was in marked contrast to the rest of the Structural Funds in that commitments reached 100 % but in 1996 the position was reversed with only 75 % of commitments, giving it at face value a much worse performance than the regional, social and agricultural structural fund.
The regions covered by Objectives 1 and 6 certainly give precedence to technological research and development, but in a most uneven way: half of the Objective 1 regions scarcely have the infrastructures needed and exhibit a weak innovative impulse, compared with just a quarter that demonstrate a strong potential in that respect.
We have an opportunity today to endorse the need to provide support in this sector according to the quality of the product and to reconsider the problem of subsidies between tobacco-producing countries in the south and north.
We must draw up a policy based on protection and on promoting consumption aimed at guiding the consumer, provide specific aid to products linked to olive oil, such as table olives, and establish, in this respect, effective systems of control.
Commissioner, it is perfectly possible to increase the maximum guaranteed quantity with a very limited budgetary effort; it is perfectly possible too, where appropriate, to bring national quotas into line with actual production in the Member States, and the Commission knows that the figures on which it based its proposal are inaccurate and obsolete.
So we must assert the right and duty of every worker to improve his professional qualifications throughout his career and, and that he must be able to spend part of his working time in training as well as in productive time or service delivery.
This kind of Union function is an important instrument for reducing the risk of infection and preventing disease, but it can never take over ultimate responsibility from the democratic institutions and responsible authorities of the Member States.
The procedures applicable to European Parliament elections - for example, proportional representation and thresholds - would, in fact, even out the differences between the larger and smaller nations, thus giving small countries proportionately more influence.
This method would, eventually, replace systematic and sometimes unbalanced condemnation, with the systematic encouragement of all parties to the conflict, to progress towards dialogue and work towards peace and the institution of democracy.
However, the Ombudsman has still played a useful role for the public by asking the Commission to improve peoples rights in the run-up to judicial cases resulting from complaints, which the Commission has now done.
The committee has disfigured the Councils proposal, by systematically amending the provisions which ensure respect for national legislation and, therefore, the sovereignty of Member States.
On this occasion, exemptions are only authorised for sulphur content, until 2003, by way of derogation from the specifications which otherwise apply from the year 2000, and until 2007 by way of derogation from the specifications which otherwise apply for 2005, while therefore respecting the minimum levels stipulated for the year 2000.
The outcome of the negotiations which we now have is a resounding success for a European Parliament which has singlemindedly succeeded in setting limit values for vehicle emissions and the quality of petrol and diesel fuels for the year 2005 and beyond.
The common position now includes any participation of an insurance undertaking in other insurance or reinsurance undertakings, whereas at first reading, the Parliament provided for its application only above a threshold of 20 % and where the influence was dominant.
In the last analysis, the directive fills a gap in the supervisory rules for insurance firms, banking and investment groups being already covered by Community legislation.
According to our analysis, emergency measures to restore the budgetary situation must be established together with more longterm measures, particularly on tax reform, the operation of the financial markets and the strengthening of the institutions which manage the economy.
It calls for equality amongst nationals and citizens of third countries as regards their economic, social and political rights. These political rights, for example, include the right to vote in all elections, ranging from council to presidential elections.
Certain limits need to be imposed here, because otherwise small businesses will be unprotected and faced with large companies which practically have a buyers monopoly or are in the position to impose their own conditions on small businesses.
The UNs Convention on the Rights of the Child grants children the right to a drug-free life and we in the EU would be well advised to adopt as our own the drugs policy objectives outlined by the UN in June.
Given that these matters are not included in the requirements of international conventions or in Community laws on the safety of shipping, I see no need to add that information, nor any value in doing so.
The need to give international protection to persons fleeing from war zones is, of course, a different issue from illegal immigration and Parliament itself took the initiative for two new budget lines concerning the reception and repatriation of such people.
An essential factor for the coordination of these efforts is to create a network for the monitoring and control of rare diseases, which will provide data and information to the public but must also include the potential to provide immediate assistance.
We therefore opt for a pragmatic approach and vote for the increase in the financial framework plus the amendments regarding additional evaluation reports from the Commission, but we cannot support the demand for further actions to be put in hand by the Commission.
The first part of the new Article 8.4 reads as follows: staff made available by Parent Prganisations shall be seconded to the Joint Undertaking and shall... remain throughout the period of secondment in the employment of their Parent Organisations on the terms and conditions of service of these Organisations.
We must not forget that the nitrate issue is a serious health problem and, in the light of the very serious environmental and health-related nature of the nitrate problem, the calls made in the report with a view to bringing about a solution are too vague.
Mr President, in its opinion on this highly sensitive issue, the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development has intentionally dealt only with pollutants of agricultural origin, namely pesticides, which have often created a stir because of other harmful effects on human health and the environment.
The creation of a legal framework and, in parallel, protection of the use and development of genetic resources, are powerful incentives towards the distribution of benefit from the use of those resources.
Mr President, until now, the procedure in the Committee on Budgetary Control has meant that, every year at the October part-session, we would vote on a motion for a resolution on the implementation of the current budget.
In parallel, we will be confirming our political will to support cultural activity in the European Union and to create a single European cultural area within which the cultural individualities and values of our countries can flourish and develop.
The Commission has always tried to ensure that the relevant authorities in the Member States give grants to the less privileged students and the results of the survey currently being carried out on the economic and social situation in this respect will be forwarded to Parliament next February.
The Commission, in its draft joint report for 1998, has duly reflected this progress by making national employment policies more structured and transparent, for instance by reporting on concrete funding for the NEPs and on monitoring and evaluation structures.
On the contrary, we believe that these models are different and that the banana affair perfectly illustrates the difference between one model of society based on rules of liberalism and competition and another model based on values of humanism and solidarity.
The argument for capital mobility is a pretext for reducing taxes and the growing imbalance between taxes and charges on labour and consumption and those levied on assets and capital.
Although the only amendment tabled by the Committee on Fisheries is an amendment proposing a slight increase in appropriations for monitoring actions, we would like to take this opportunity to repeat a series of priorities that form the core of the committees actions.
This morning in the debate on the discharge, we heard that Parliament wishes to set the Commission a particularly important task in this respect, with a view to cleaning up the Commission. A set of Staff Regulations which does not just meet with the approval of staff representatives should make a significant contribution to our being able to clean up the Commission.
The first amendment, on the transparency of decisions taken under the committee procedure, is in keeping with the principles followed by the Commission in terms of both consulting economic operators and the design and implementation of the transit reform.
To provide compensation for some of the economic loss suffered by fishermen requirement to adapt vessels for deep-sea tuna fishing using new techniques, cessation of activities and so on, the Council drew up this proposal on the basis of Article 43 of the Treaty.
Let us hope the Commission will implement its proposed research projects concerning nuclear safety and the treatment of spent nuclear fuel as quickly as possible, so that we can gain a clear picture of the real state of affairs and problems can be solved as soon as possible.
To refrain from asking questions about prison conditions, which are often harsh, cannot enhance the safety of our citizens; rather, harsh sentencing often covers up for a political inability to guarantee peaceful coexistence.
The Commission itself brought things to a head and secured the support of Parliaments largest group in equating the refusal of the discharge with a motion of censure.
The structural deficiency of the sector in these regions has led us to ask that premiums be allocated not in relation to the average Community milk production, as the Commission suggests, but rather in relation to the actual national or regional average, which is very different to the virtual Community production.
However, we in the Liberal Group believe that it is going too far to propose that the family ministers should meet regularly, that there should be a special unit within the Commission for family affairs, and perhaps a directive on childcare.
It is a sign that Parliament has recognised that the end of the Cold War has brought with it an entirely new concept of security and that environmental security is crucial to future peace and prosperity.
The penetration of renewable energy in the market has been shrinking because of the fall in the price of oil and natural gas, and also given that the cost of energy does not currently include environmental costs.
Globalisation, fierce international competition and ever shorter lifespans for innovations and decisions are resulting in deep-seated insecurity for everyone, from managers to part-time staff.
The push for implementing European Union EU strategy on defence-related industries is clearly aimed at boosting arms sales and finding new markets for EU arms manufacturers.
The way to meet such a level of demand is not compulsory distillation or grubbing-up, but a far higher production levelof quality wines, especially in the Community, and of course far lower excise duties than those currently levied in many Member States, particularly in the north of the EU.
Although I regard this as an excellent decision-making procedure for major changes and above all changes of policy, it is simply too slow and cumbersome for purely technical market organisation measures, where decisions are needed so that we can react promptly to the market situation.
However, in the explanatory statement of the proposal for a Council Act, the Commission considers that current economic factors and the situation on the labour market make it impossible to do away with selective admission policies formulated by the Member States for the purposes of paid employment or independent economic activity.
Over the last five years, in order to implement political decisions taken by the Council, for exceptional reasons, and to keep the Palestinian Authority active for political reasons, the Commission has had to finance current expenditure operations that were not included in the economic assistance programme.
I have misgivings with regard to the assistance programmes addressed by the report, in view of the problems which have arisen hitherto in the EUs assistance programmes, on which the Court of Auditors presented a report last year.
Better infrastructure, efficiently functioning public administration supporting democratic structures and the continued transition to a market economy are vital to achieve this.
This new position, this new culture, must be reflected in the implementation of the code of conduct, the development of individual responsibility for Commissioners, a revision of the Staff Regulations, and the Members Statute.
It is quite astonishing that when it comes to marketing, the economic giant of the European Union is still in its infancy and is faced with the task of trying, with a very small budget, to emulate the marketing pioneers and giants.
The clear advantage is consistent emission standards, because the distinction between hazardous and non-hazardous waste is based primarily on criteria applying to the collection, storage, transportation, management and processing of waste materials prior to incineration.
In our view, the proposal concerning the future participation of consumers and clients in the work of companies who adopt these measures is of fundamental importance. So, too, is the need to make the results of the assessments widely available together with information on the organisations participating in these projects.
I must stress that the issuance of electronic money is just one element in the far broader context of electronic commerce systems and, within those systems, electronic payments themselves.
As a result of this situation, the chairman of the Committee on Budgetary Control, acting on the instructions of the committee, made a request in this House on 15 January 1999 for the Rules Committee to clarify precisely what the Treaty itself provides for, that is to say for the direct link between refusal of discharge and a possible censure procedure to be removed.
Parliament approved it more than six months ago, and the criticism voiced here that Parliament has had too little time to become acquainted with the document that the Council drafted, is to some extent justified.
Mr President, the Commission welcomes Parliaments initiative to support the adoption at Community level of legislation that allows us to determine the legal and economic effects of the bankruptcy of companies operating within the internal market.
We expect Commissioners to open dialogue with the elected representatives in the European Parliament as early as possible before decisions are taken, but above all we expect them to respect the principles of transparency and subsidiarity as well as our democracies and traditions.
But the crucial issue in what has been put forward in Cologne is the method, i.e. not having national governments prepare such things any longer but having a sort of convention in which national parliaments, the European Parliament and governments are represented.
In addition to severe structural problems like lack of investment, the public debt, particularly foreign debt, has grown rapidly and at present it is not clear how the authorities intend to service that debt burden.
In addition, an essential constituent part of the Agreement is also the defence by the parties to the contract of the observance of democratic principles, human rights, rule of law and responsible government.
As regards an agreement with the most representative humanitarian players in the area, the aid will be aimed in particular at consolidating the existing humanitarian structures in the area and at assisting the local population by supporting the displaced persons with medical help, food aid and shelter.
And secondly, closer to home, the Commission needs to set its own affairs in order because now, the Commission services responsible for putting its claims to the dispute settlement body of the World Trade Organisation are completely toothless.
This is important, not least when it is borne in mind that China produces 15 million tons of sulphur dioxide, causing acid rain, and over 13 million tons of particulate pollutants. These are some of the signs that suggest that our partnership with China is extremely important and could also lead to a better environment for ourselves and the whole world.
As the legislature of the European Union, we will in future continue to have no option but to set clear limit values and time limits for achieving significant reductions in emissions.
In this context, Parliament has already had occasion to adopt proposed amendments to a number of directives addressing the technical improvement of engines and fuel quality.
Indeed, while it remains extremely vague on most environmental matters related to the energy sector, this resolution proposes that, in future, in the countries of the EU, nuclear-based electricity production should at least retain the share which it currently has.
Mr President, the Commission recently presented a communication to the Council, to the European Parliament and to the Economic and Social Committee, on the theme Victims of crime in the European Union - a reflection on standards and measures to be adopted .
We are without doubt succeeding with the common currency, we have made progress in the economic field and the moment has come to make progress in the political field, and specifically in the field of foreign and security policy.
The political tensions that characterised the start of this parliamentary term are therefore not obstructing the necessary agreements between various, important - the most important - parliamentary groups on the subject of consolidating the Union, its institutions and its policies.
The Commission subsequently submitted to the Council, the European Parliament, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions, its communication concerning the European Union s action plan for combating drugs during the period 2000-2004.
My group has considered it very carefully and we conclude that it is a technical putting into effect of the agreement that the Parliament has signed on parliamentary immunity, and privileges will not be removed without due process.
They are a vice that weakens the will, which ensnares the individual in a dependency which enslaves and depersonalises him or her, which destroys social bonds and relationships, which creates delinquency and makes society less safe, and which sustains world-wide criminal networks that defy States power and law.
The issue is especially relevant, given its urgency, insofar as we do not have a lot of time to implement the new procedure, since the current system ends at the end of January and we need to reach a bilateral agreement between the Bank and the Commission.
This is a common problem, and, for that reason, we intend to raise the issue, not in connection with enlargement, but as a general part of the Summit conference agenda, that Member States and applicant countries must improve the implementation of the rights of minorities.
In addition to the regular contact made in association with enlargement, the Council is monitoring the situation in applicant countries in a Working Group on joint evaluation, which was set up by the Council on 29 June 1998.
To make the implementation of International Humanitarian Law more effective, the EU gave a general assurance on handheld weapons, light weapons and anti-personnel land mines.
The most important point for me is the cultural aspect of books and society s obligation towards literature and art; it is precisely now, in an era of new media, that books need to be specially promoted and supported.
The European Parliament reacted strongly by adopting virtually unanimously, on 20 November 1998, a resolution which defended fixed book prices and which called on the Commission to bring its Community policy on book price agreements into line with cultural requirements.
They clearly complained that the code in its present form will have no impact on the unstable regions, on countries which spend an excessive part of their budget on defence, and even on the countries which violate human rights.
Similarly, with regard to Amendment No 5, the Committee does not see the need to specify a period of three years, as indicated in Article 1 of the proposal, or the reason why the amount of the premium set in the rules should be changed.
The Commission is also in agreement with the rapporteur that the new communications technologies can offer the island regions a wonderful opportunity for their development and for reducing the problems associated with their temporal and geographical remoteness.
I urge the Commission to preserve a balance in the supply of bananas on the EU market and to ensure that in allocating a quota they use the best possible statistics which take account of changes in trade flows in recent years.
A future which takes into consideration environmental protection, diversification of production methods, the needs of consumers, both industrial and individual, and also the security of supplies and a reduced dependence on the outside world.
However, the Commission has now produced a set of proposals on a duty-paid regime following abolition and Commission-chaired discussions are now under way at official level to work out the practical details of this regime.
The most important message that I have for the House tonight is that we must stop Member States circumventing internal market legislation and abusing the spirit of the internal market by applying new names to old taxes.
The Commission will continue to follow developments closely, in collaboration with the Member States in situ, and will maintain the dialogue with national authorities to prevent violations of human rights and to advance and consolidate the fragile democratic process in the country.
Mr President, this own-initiative report on planning and the European Spatial Development Perspective is part of the work being carried out by the governments of the countries belonging to the Committee on Spatial Development.
Eighty per cent of the European Unions population is in towns and cities, most of which are outside these areas and the need to tackle social dislocation and urban environment problems refuses to fit neatly into these administrative and budgetary borders.
However, we finally decided to reject the amendment because we believe that any support programme inevitably implies positive discrimination, in this case away from transporting goods exclusively by road and towards combined transport, and also in favour of regions and competitors who give priority to combined transport.
It goes hand in hand with other initiatives and reports making up a package which is worrying to those who think trade unions have other purposes and tasks apart from merely participating in the social dialogue, the sole purpose of which is to protect economic interests in a market in which the workforce is no more than one kind of merchandise.
These criteria are: direct buying, fair price, advance payment, no import or sales monopolies, price transparency, stable and long-term relations with producers, conditions of production respecting ILO Conventions, non-discrimination between men and women, no child labour, respect for the environment, respect for development and encouragement for the autonomy of local population groups.
The role of training is highlighted, as is the need to deal with the specific questions of womens jobs and lack of job security, and even clandestine and child labour, which give the sector a special and highly delicate social relevance.
In selecting the diseases which might be covered by the network, we have managed to avoid establishing arbitrary criteria and we have raised recognition of the need to record not only the clinical but also the microbiological characteristics of the diseases in question.
As regards their legal status, the Commission has always stressed its view of the advisory nature of the guidelines, and the role of monitoring committees and other relevant authorities in adjusting programmes.
Because the Council has waited for the Parliamentary reading to reach a decision on this matter, it will also have a more complete basis on which to make a decision, as Parliament has developed its reasoning.
First of all, as regards the scope of the directive, as defined in Article 2, the Committee on the Environment is proposing that it should not be limited to town and country plans and programmes, but that it should extend to all plans and programmes with an impact on the land and marine environment.
The Commission awaits Parliaments proposals, in the hope that an agreement can be reached which would be part of the decision itself. Alternatively, it would form part of the agreement between Parliament, the Commission and the Council or, if appropriate, of an agreement between the European Parliament and the Commission.
I am more inclined towards forcing the UN Security Council to pass a resolution which will open the way to possible military intervention, and both the President-in-Office and the Commissioner have hinted at that.
Although the Community has no direct competence in the area of family policy, it has increasingly turned its attention to social and economic trends in society as they affect families.
Prevention is not enough. Young people who are travelling through the tunnel of death, the tunnel of drugs, need above all to be cured, not only with a view to damage limitation, but in the knowledge that the voluntary sector has a wealth of experience of working in a spirit of solidarity.
Similarly, the collection of statistical data is a necessity in the European Union, especially when the money supply has to be controlled in this way; since the development of money-management and saving patterns in the European monetary union is an unknown factor, a broad database will be vitally important.
The latter relate to non-compliance with the Financial Regulation and the budget as approved by the budget authority, which must not be confused with fraud, which is a concept under criminal law involving the wrongful collection or retention or embezzlement of public funds.
A second point was that the question of introducing a system of VAT in Malta was extremely important last time round and was even one of the main reasons why the coalition that has just returned to power lost the last elections but one.
The Commission will defend the new modified proposal in the Council, taking account of the European Parliaments amendments, in an attempt to convince the Council to draw the appropriate conclusions and, in its turn, adopt the revised text.
The most significant decisions have been the introduction of a new chapter and a new Article 390 - to be appropriately named to cover the new arrangements governing parliamentary assistants, which are currently being drawn up by the committee responsible and the Council.
The main reason for the varying acceptance levels of agricultural environment programmes in the EU is not a lack of willingness among some farmers to take part in the programmes, but rather the financial priority and organisational resources that the Member States feel able to assign to the creation and planning of such programmes.
The plan involves the setting up of a database, registration of control systems, identification and more detailed registration of stocks.
We have not achieved this aim because there is often a wide gap between words and deeds, and because we have not had the necessary strategies and mechanisms for integrating environmental policy properly into the other policy areas and thereby achieving sustainable development.
The second thing we must remember is that framework programmes often come under the responsibility of Parliament and test its ability to be a full member of the two arms of the Budget Authority in dealing with the budget of the European Union every year.
Madam President, the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens Rights has incorporated the principal amendments proposed by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy in its report, and has thus made appropriate comments on the Green Paper.
We are going to vote against the report, because we do not think that it is appropriate to legislate at EU level on matters relating to the organisation of work and workers individual and collective rights.
The action that is taking place requires the provision of sufficient funds to finance the various aspects that make up the common fisheries policy in its various facets: conservation and protection of resources, international agreements, markets, structural measures, social aspects, etcetera.
In addition to detailing the aims and administrative structure of the Office, it sets out the basic principles for the conduct of investigations, the rules governing relations with the institutions and the controls for ensuring that the Offices activities are legal.
But the amendments relating to the draft Statute and the points of principle of the draft Statute are put onto the annex side and the questions relating to the annex side are put on the draft Statute side.
The almost total absence of communication and coordination between the different Directorates-General and services of the Commission increases the lack of transparency in management and prevents monitoring procedures from functioning normally, encouraging the widespread lack of accountability among administrators.
Does it mean that our task will be complete once we have satisfied the information needs of that part of the population which will have the possibility, the desire and indeed be privileged to use the virtual euro as from 1999?
Human rights thrive on peace and security, on economic development and social justice. The EU is ideally placed to provide leadership in the phase of consolidation that must follow.
Such a principle, when it functions properly and protects the source, is an effective weapon with which to combat fraud, giving the public, as well as politicians and the media, the right to scrutinise, to access information and to exercise democratic control.
The key to efficient preventive and operational conflict resolution lies in greater use of majority decisions and presenting a united front to the outside world - in the G8, the international financial institutions and the United Nations.
I have repeatedly pointed out that I regard the nomination of Commissioners by the Member States as an inherent mistake in the EUs institutional system.
Hence the need to share out the entrepreneurial risk, taking account both of commercial and of social and environmental criteria, as part of an overall strategy for mobility within the Community.
These decisions will include the future status of regions in the Community from the point of view of their classification according to different objectives and the corresponding financial support provided by the Community in the area of structural measures.
On the basis of the Communication from the Commission on a framework for action on combatting fraud and counterfeiting of non-cash means of payment, discussions on an instrument of criminal law in this area have already been started.
The Commission takes the view that at present the best way to simplify significantly the common VAT system is to authorise taxable persons to deduct the VAT paid in another Member State in the periodic VAT declaration submitted in the state of residence.
The objective of the discussions is to bring these two conventions more closely into line with each other, to make improvements on the basis of experience of legal practice and in particular to further simplify the mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments.
We shall have to make every possible effort to scrutinise international law for ways and means of developing a code of conduct that will justify the conviction on moral grounds of the European firms which violate these principles of human rights.
Consequently, I agree with the Commissions intention to reduce the eligible areas, so far as Community aid is concerned, from the present 51 % down to 35 % - 40 % of the population, a reduction completely in line with the corresponding reduction of eligible population which will be entitled to structural aid in the future.
It is also right to criticise the fact that increasingly few resources are being made available for the aid agreed under the common market rules, in the field, for instance, of small and medium-sized undertakings, environmental protection, research and development, while more and more aid is being given to individual undertakings.
Prevention through the management of the reduced amount of waste produced either as a result of recovery or through alternative waste management methods. Only a tiny proportion of waste should be destined for landfill, in conjunction with preventive measures to ensure that such waste does not harm peoples health, the environment, or the eco-system.
However, what we really need is positive intervention in favour of renewable forms of energy, in favour of the modernisation of plant and production methods in order to ensure that our energies are more environmentally friendly. We do not need indirect tax-raising measures which will have a serious impact on peoples incomes.
The report recommends a very clear separation between the foreign affairs function, which must be carried out by the foreign ministers, and the general affairs function, which is a coordinating function to be carried out by ministers close to the coordinating authority.
Not only in the committee responsible for the report, the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, but also in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy and the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, these Commission proposals have been supported and enhanced.
First of all, the committee proposes taking into account the health of workers and consumer protection, by introducing the precautionary principle and the principle that the best available technology should be used so as to keep radiation as low as possible.
I welcome this report on the need to upgrade the railway systems within the European Union, as well as guaranteeing the most efficient use of railway infrastructure to meet consumer needs.
However, to totally open up the railways to competition risks dismantling the public service, not to mention the fact that the system established by the directives to allocate rail infrastructure capacities is both costly and bureaucratic.
With regard to the flow of private capital to the developing countries, the European Union is very much aware of the importance of private investment and developments in the private sector in general.
It now falls to the Council to accept its political responsibility, as Parliament did in December by refusing to grant discharge for 1996, and appointing a Committee of Independent Experts to investigate irregularities which had come to light.
Amendments Nos 3 and 32 on the granting of permanent abandonment premiums in respect of wine-growing areas and extending the deadline for submitting applications for premiums for the 19992000 marketing year from 31 December 1999 to 31 March 2000 do not cause any difficulties.
The management of common policies must be extensively decentralised. This requires both substantial reinforcement of the control bodies and the establishment of a central anti-fraud office which is independent and has the resources needed to fulfil its mission.
We do not believe that legal rights and public confidence in the judicial and political systems will be strengthened by undermining the various judicial cultures of individual Member States and by transferring competence to a system which does not have substantial support among the peoples of the Member States.
In addition to what the report says about the combining of Directive 9467 and the Commissions proposal, we consider it necessary to introduce a transition period for existing plants for the incineration of hazardous waste, in accordance with Article 14 of Directive 9467.
In conclusion, our delegation welcomes the outcome of the conciliation procedure on this programme, which, along with that on rare diseases, is the latest in a series of public health programmes.
Faced with the problem of the reduction in aid and prices, the only option available to our farmers is to turn to intensification, either by expanding their farms, or by setting up off-land production.
At present the necessary military action by NATO has been taken on the responsibility of a group of politicians who once upon a time loudly proclaimed themselves pacifists and opponents of war in the peace movements and are now ordering a war without wanting to dirty their hands.
Your experience as a rapporteur and your very remarkable contribution to the European Unions progress mean that this report will be an essential discussion document for the next Committee on Institutional Affairs.
Private car use raises a host of regional and local issues which, in accordance with the subsidiarity principle, call for a somewhat different type of approach, which we have been developing primarily through the action programme for the citizens network.
I believe that this particular issue could remain in the realms of wishful thinking: present growth rates will continue and the already high level of unemployment - which affects the younger generations in particular - will persist in the future.
As we know, the immediate cause of its resignation was the report of the Committee of Independent Experts on the responsibility of the Commission and individual members of the Commission for cases of fraud, mismanagement and nepotism which had occurred over a number of years.
We must not forget that following on from this, at the beginning of December, the Group of the Party of European Socialists and the Committee on Budgetary Control decided nevertheless to recommend to the House that it grant discharge for the Commission.
Secondly, the issue of decentralisation and devolution of Commission action especially in the field of external programmes is extremely important but we need very strict rules for the delegation of the management of Community policies and that must always be actively pursued.
In agricultural policy, by placing more emphasis on the world market and the environment, we will now be giving agriculture in the accession countries a good basis for agricultural policy planning.
In this regard I call on the Commission to apply its control function really seriously and genuinely to pursue in its programmes the objectives formulated in the new regulation - sustainable development, promotion of employment, promotion of equal opportunities for women and men, environmental improvement, support for small and medium-sized undertakings - and not to shy away from them again in face of the Member States.
With the introduction of rural development measures and the strengthening of the accompanying measures that have existed since the 1992 reform, we have taken a further step towards a global agricultural policy for rural areas.
These aspects of the initial proposal were changed after Parliament voted against them a few months ago and the final proposal establishes a unitary instrument for intervention in the fisheries sector.
We also regret that with regard to the possibilities for national involvement, the Member States will not be allowed to select Objective 2 regions which do not meet the strict criteria, but will still be limited by criteria and the Commissions reserving the right to grant authorisation.
The system, obviously, as has been said in the debate, facilitates an important link between the Commission and the representatives of the national authorities who sit on the committees and assist the Commission in its executive role.
At the moment we are debating a directive on certain legal aspects of electronic commerce in the internal market. This directive attempts to harmonise certain aspects of the Member States legislation, aspects which, in truth, are aspects of private law.
With regard to the responsibility of the on-line network service providers, the initial proposal from the European Commission distinguishes the responsibility of the various players according to what they actually do, without denying the problems of illegal content.
The principle of transparency will be promoted in a very real sense with the development of open sessions of the Council, better accessibility to documents, and the general availability of Council and working party agendas and meeting schedules.
If so, has it already moved to include such an item on the agenda for this autumns General Assembly? If not, is it intending to do so during the next few days, by means of some other procedure?
Furthermore, inept handling of these issues by the respective governments and the EU itself has seriously undermined public confidence in the ability of politicians to deal with crises in the food chain.
- The political benefit to mankind of genetic research is seriously eroded by vested interests, using the technology in a manner which is not compatible with sustainable development, and every often in conflict with acceptable ethical standards.
In these areas we need to promote the values of tolerance and respect for cultural diversity and the freedom of peoples to decide their future and promote co-existence, solidarity and a sense of justice and peace.
In the capacity of rapporteur, I have sought a balance, not only between the Commission s draft directive, the first reading of the European Parliament and the Council s common position, but especially between the safety and health of both workers and the other parties involved.
So the issue is restricting working hours to benefit the safety and health of employees at work, especially in the various transport sectors, for activities at sea and in the case of junior doctors.
We have invested in the increased use of renewable energy resources, and we have expressed our firm desire to take account of the requirements of a sustainable energy economy in the enlargement process.
The controls on external borders and the visa policy of the EU were treated within the framework of Chapter 24 of the accession negotiations concerning cooperation in the sectors of justice and internal affairs.
In the context of the proposal before us there is another aspect which also strengthens the powers given to the European Commission: the possibility of reducing the amount of direct aid or suspending the payment of monthly advances.
And so that this free trade may be a just free trade, it is clear that we have to reconcile trading practices with the rules regarding the environment, workers rights, the European agricultural model and consumer protection.
Therefore, that first small reform, in which we only had to consider the Commission and the weighting of votes in the Council and to which the Cologne Declaration has also added the possible extension of qualified majority voting, does not make much sense and responds to a different political logic.
We hope that Parliament will again dig in its heels over this frontal assault on the UN Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and the Convention on the Rights of the Child, as well as on the legal rights of third-country nationals within the borders of the European Union.
The two issues which have been of most concern to the Parliament are the minimum age-limit for fingerprinting and the rules on erasure of data from the central database.
Let me say straight away, Mr President, that we approve and endorse the Commission s programme; however we have formulated a number of reservations, the same reservations formulated by the Commission itself, as regards the inadequate evaluation of programmes and more general shortcomings in relation to the threat which actually exists.
The Commission initiated a series of special actions to support national authorities involved in combating illicit nuclear traffic from both EU Member States and candidate States, including seminars, training programmes and technical assistance.
The President of the Court of Auditors yesterday drew the attention of this House to the, I quote, persistence of the spending culture within the Community, more concerned with the volume of expenditure than with its quality .
The Fund exists to promote urban and rural development, community development, to enhance skills and to improve the environment; the justifications cited in the Green amendments are spurious.
Those maximum limits are essential to ensure that veterinary drugs are used correctly in accordance with veterinary prescriptions, whereas the use of additives is tightly controlled by regulations and checked within foodstuffs.
For this reason public sector talks are currently under way with the Member States on the subject of reprogramming, and after the summer recess the Commission will be submitting to the European Parliament a report on the implementation of Community initiatives, which will of course also take account of Parliaments position in this respect.
Careful attention is generally paid to ethical aspects of research in the field of life sciences and technology during the implementation of the Unions research programmes.
Article 128 3 of the Treaty on European Union states: The Community and the Member States shall foster cooperation with third countries and the competent international organizations in the sphere of culture...
We must therefore rule out any possibility of European farm aid being granted on the basis of regional productivity, making sure that the relative weight of the agricultural sector in the local economy represents the only criterion for the allocation of funding.
This no longer requires us to seek specific results, but rather attempts to stimulate a combined movement in society through the development of human resources, investing in manpower rather than infrastructures.
It is a preliminary report and the Commission has set itself a deadline of 30 June of this year. In other words, it has given itself a week or two to receive reference material and points of view from the sectors involved in production, from the social partners, etcetera, and on the basis of that information, it will undoubtedly draw up legislative proposals.
Well, that communication concentrates more on describing the problems and assessing the policies the Commission has been implementing than on providing concrete proposals in response to the demands put forward by the social partners with a view to improving companies competitiveness and profiting from the liberalization of the markets.
In the explanatory statement of the report, the rapporteur says that the countries of the euro-area have dual representation on the Economic and Financial Committee, namely via their own representatives directly and via the representatives of the European Central Bank indirectly.
Mr President, in order to achieve sustainable and lasting development, our society must take up a double challenge: to encourage individuals and businesses to pollute less and to correct the distortions in competition which penalize manufacturers who have invested in the fight against pollution, whilst generally applying the principle of the polluter pays .
First of all, the objective of sustainable development is more clearly explained. Secondly, the situation is clarified, since the strategic impact study must be carried out at the initial stage of the decision-making process.
The proper place for the discussion of policy, in my submission, is in a forum like the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, in Parliament or a Commission meeting room.
Since the management committee procedures often give the Council of Ministers the opportunity to outvote the Commissions position, however, the creation of a political counterbalance at parliamentary level is a sensible move.
Late pay is paying late after the agreed payment and slow pay is widening the payment period between the invoice or delivery date and the agreed payment date.
The USAs persistent refusal to sign the Kyoto Protocol, with its completely inadequate reduction targets, has obviously set the ball rolling again, but in the wrong direction.
As is usual with such agreements, therefore, an interim agreement will be used to bring into force those sections of the agreement which do not require ratification, such as the democracy clause, the provisions relating to trade in goods and competition and various institutional provisions.
Three things are necessary when it comes to the practical shaping of a policy for drugs: demand-reduction, access-limitation and international cooperation.
With regard to the regulation on the collection of statistical information, our group, for its part, considers that the amendments adopted by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy define yet again the area and the methods of collecting statistical information by the bank.
For that reason, I propose that the assessment called for should take place three years after the directive comes into force, and the related submission of the annual report should take place within the already existing framework for submitting reports on the implementation of Community law.
Finally, a Directorate-General for tourism should be created and, in the reform of the Structural Funds, particular attention should be devoted to integrated projects which identify tourism as a factor of development and environmental protection.
An important precondition for this is that agricultural policy should tend to move away from price guarantees and towards a system of direct income aid coupled with measures to promote stewardship of the countryside and the protection of the environment.
Mr President, the oral questions about the uncontrolled waves of migrants from Mediterranean countries are primarily an expression of our concern for human beings who are seeking a better life, fleeing civil war or natural disasters and driven away by violence and oppression.
Also, I should stress that respect for human rights and democratic freedoms, and also of course the preservation of press freedom, form the cornerstone of the entire construction of Europe, of that there is no doubt.
The problem is that in the interpretation of the agreements between the European Union and the United States set out in that letter, it is stated that this interpretation serves as a basis for the philosophy and general aims of United States legislation.
In this way, we will guarantee the survival of cultural characteristics, but we will also maintain a significant economic potential in the rural areas that do not have other products or other alternatives.
Yesterday, following the meeting of the Bureau, the Budgets Committee took it upon itself to adopt an amendment, in the light of decisions taken by the Conference of Presidents...
The common agricultural policy is an integral part of the European Union and it is designed to keep farmers on the land, protect the European Union food supply and enhance rural development.
As a result, the budget has been drawn into a short-term mentality which is gradually altering its basic function and leading to the view that revenues should be saved or, more precisely, that Member States should contribute less to the Unions budget.
But of the democratic countries being targeted, it is evident that the countries of the European Union are being targeted most, because they constitute a huge market that is gradually placing social issues high on the agenda and becoming a unique democratic force in the world, one that is capable of making human rights a priority.
True, the relative failure to establish an internal market in insurance is not due solely to the tendency to interpret the general good clause in a biased way. Problems in the internal operation of the undertakings themselves have also played a part.
I voted in the Chamber for Amendment No 537 and paragraphs 1-4 of Amendment No 899 in the belief that Parliament would at last be prepared to adopt the practice whereby travel expenses may only be claimed for the actual costs incurred.
There is no information in the report on reductions in agricultural production or on losses of income incurred by farmers as a result of the reforms which have been compensated for with forestry aid.
The Commissions proposal is welcome because it responds to a request from Parliament following the BSE crisis and also because it avoids the problem of having to define processed products and agricultural products which was encountered in the implementation of this directive.
The report rightly calls for consultation with cultural operators about the implementation of the programme, and we should encourage the establishment of European cultural centres in the Member States to ensure constant contact with the various aid institutes.
The amendment is worded in such a way as to allow a type of disciplinary committee of the professional representation or a committee of the national professional representation to be convened in the event of a breach by the doctor conducting the trial.
The European Parliament has played a key role in this process, first with its call in January this year for a new impulse in transatlantic relations and afterwards through its involvement in the evolution of the transatlantic economic partnership.
I recall the parliamentary debates on other Commission communications which have repeatedly made the point that the future prospects and competitiveness of the European Union in the industrial sphere, but elsewhere too, are dependent on developments in aerospace.
This lends strength to the view that the existence of legal provisions to protect public health and the environment constitutes an artificial barrier to trade, and seeks essentially to abolish safety requirements.
We say yes to reform, reform that will reduce the inequalities between countries, regions and farmers, reform which will contribute towards ecological development of the countryside, reform which will support the farming populations in our countries.
Here, it is not a question of seeking a localised cure, but rather of triggering an overall movement in society through the development of human resources. It is a question of investing in people rather than in infrastructures.
Of course, our action programme for 1999 forms part of an established political line, and broad agreement has emerged from the various speeches which will enable us to determine the important issues that will define our, and your, political action during 1999.
The stability pact, which is a real yoke around the necks of national economies, should be lifted to allow internal demand to recover and to give Member States the option of using their resources to stimulate growth.
The Committee on Womens Rights demands in its opinion that respect for womens rights, as a part of human rights, should be included in trade and cooperation agreements as a criterion for external relations with non-Member countries.
In addition to providing a general report on actions taken to promote human rights in the period 1996-1998, the document will include details of Union activities concerned with the monitoring of elections, and of course other aspects of human rights policy as well.
Lastly, I should say as regards the three reports that interinstitutional cooperation and dialogue has enabled the Commission over the past year to develop its policy for promoting and protecting human rights further.
It is in accordance with the intellectual tradition of Europe that the European Parliament, despite all hostility even from its own ranks, will not allow itself to be deterred from pointing out the flaws in our democracy.
I firmly believe that we will manage to target European Union funds in the area of regional and structural policy even more efficiently on this objective, not least within the framework of the reforms which are being carried out under Agenda 2000.
This proposal introduces a derogation from the eighth VAT directive by establishing that the Member State of purchase will be responsible for verifying that the VAT has actually been paid, whilst the Member State of deduction will be responsible for monitoring the actual deduction of the tax.
I also agree with the rapporteur on the question of electronic commercial transactions and his desire to protect the consumer or user by means of secure systems of payment and the respecting of civil liberties.
That means that in situ checks on farms will primarily be the task of the Member States and the Commission departments will be responsible for ensuring and verifying whether the Member States are indeed adequately fulfilling this obligation.
More and more Member States want to attract business to their national locations by granting tax reliefs to undertakings, in the financial and insurance sector, as also in other economic sectors.
We therefore have to find new ways of tackling this problem by recognising that we need to establish companies rooted in the people which, as has already been said, can help to solve the problems of the elderly, of community services and of the environment and which can be recognised and compensated in tax terms.
I voted against the entire report in the final vote because I believe that family policy, including protection for families and children, should be a purely national matter and not subject to EU procedures and decisions.
With regard to protection complementary to refugee status, we support the measures put forward by the rapporteur. They focus on the protection of persons threatened by widespread violence, internal conflict or violations of human rights and lay particular emphasis on the international recognition of women who are subject to sexual violence.
Consumer and producer protection have their place within this primary aim in that the consumer receives free access to the desired transmission of a work while at the same time the rightholder obtains fair compensation, and the producer receives full protection against piracy.
According to Rule 102 in Chapter II of the Rules of Procedure, which deals with the sessions of Parliament, Parliament shall itself determine the duration of adjournments of the session.
The draft looked at how more local involvement in resource management and conservation measures might best be achieved and called for the existing regionalisation to be consolidated and expanded through the creation of regional management units.
Monitoring in this area indicates that general conditions, the working environment and occupational health and safety are not developing positively.
On the contrary, they require the most concerted efforts to institute high-level social laws which would strengthen the level of protection in countries with less social protection, protect working people, and ensure their safety and that of users.
Only through cooperation between the private and the public sector and the creation of favourable conditions for research into new medicines, with the help of treatment and diagnosis, can we respond to the patients needs.
Mr President, the Commissions proposal for a recommendation on limiting exposure of the general public to electromagnetic fields was formulated against the background of increasing public concern over possible links between electromagnetic fields and health problems.
The authorisation to open negotiations entailed the establishment of a special committee to which the Commission is obliged to submit a draft text of the founding treaty before commencing negotiations.
Consequently, Parliament and the Commission have a lasting obligation to iron out technical problems in the trade of industrial goods in this area whenever there are cases where eliminating such problems will still guarantee a high level of safety.
Subject: Increase in parliamentary powers of control through the next amendment of the Treaties Discussions in recent weeks have shown that both the EUs institutional order and the actual policies pursued call for a modern system of checks and balances.
We are not talking about a replacement for government strategy in third countries - this is about using dialogue and cooperation to achieve essential improvements in the safety and energy efficiency of their reactors.
The Commission has been monitoring recent developments in this field very carefully, and has taken a number of measures to ensure that the cost of converting banknotes in the euro zone really is competitive.
This is true of the point made in recital A that the Structural Fund and the Cohesion Fund are the main instruments of economic and social cohesion, while the importance of economic cohesion is also emphasised in paragraph 5.
It also does not correct the imbalances occurring between products and between producers. This logic of allowing prices to fall can also be seen in the lack of determination and means to defend products such as garlic which is the victim of practices which contravene our regulations.
Having listened to what has been said here - and I have read the draft opinion - I believe you are willing and ready to play a decisive role in the negotiations leading up to the adoption of this proposed directive.
Secondly, this fusion, on the legitimate pretext of simplifying Community legislation and making it clearer, actually ends up reducing the level of environmental protection by encouraging the mixing of hazardous and non-hazardous waste in the same facility.
A second reason why the Commission approach should be rejected is that it is designed to be quite systematically devised and implemented in three steps, thereby deliberately preserving the distortions of competition between modes of transport and between companies in the various Member States.
The pace of change in the markets and the financial intermediaries has revealed the possible limits of a sectoral approach, and that tendency becomes more marked with the process of global financial integration.
At the top of the list is the need for effective coordination of economic policies and for an employment pact. This requires the political will to use the opportunities created by the euro for this purpose.
Of course it was also a major success on balance for our group, since the Greens amendment was the only one to obtain an absolute majority and therefore led the Commission as also the Council to shift their position.
The banana issue reveals that the interests of multinational firms are a thousand times more important than the development of nations; the market is prevailing over the solidarity that needs to be developed within a political community.
The Commission considers in fact the Councils common position as a step forward towards achieving better protection for the health and safety of workers potentially at risk from explosive atmospheres where fatal accidents occur every day.
Within the Liberal Group, we chose to support your nomination, not with a view to forming a political coalition, but as a political statement, for the duration of the opening meeting, because some form of political counterbalance is needed from time to time amongst the great European political groupings.
It is no castle in the air, but a long overdue, concrete attempt to go beyond employment guidelines and achieve co-ordination of economic policy within the European Union, particularly with a view to promoting growth.
Almost nothing has been learned from the institutional point of view, from the major crisis, prompted last March by the collective resignation of the Commission, as a result of irresponsible management.
It was an open and welcoming popular celebration. It gave us a wonderful picture of sport, a picture of the diversity of our teams and of our nations, and a picture of fraternity across our continent.
In insisting on the political reflection of the outcome of the recent European Parliament elections within the European Commission, how far should we go in restricting the choice of and dictating to national governments their selection of Commissioner?
Effective crime prevention requires closer co-operation among Member States, which in practice means the co-ordination of legislation and better co-ordination with respect to co-operation with the police and the investigation of crime.
In carrying out their tasks, the authorities in Member States must act in compliance with their own national legislation and be subject to legal and political monitoring by national bodies, and also act in compliance too with the relevant international provisions relating to the safeguarding of human rights.
For this reason, the Committee on Budgets has proposed to the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy that it should demand a revision of the Financial Perspective in this regard, and positive reference has been made to this in the report.
The difference between the parliament of a dictatorship and a democratic parliament is that the parliament of a dictatorship is always full and the Members applaud, and a democratic parliament is not very full because the Members are working in other places.
We have tried to live up to an unwritten rule about avoiding dotting the i s and crossing the t s too much when it comes to noting specific budget appropriations.
For example, there is our publication immediately after the meetings of the Governing Council of the considerations which have played a role in the Governing Council s ultimate decision whether or not to change interest rates.
There were too many of these female and male politicians, journalists, defenders of human rights and citizens who paid with their lives for their fight for a more just and more humane society.
Mr President, I would start by saying that in a letter of 6 July 1999 the Council consulted Parliament pursuant to Article 157, on the proposal for a Council Decision concerning Community participation in the European Audiovisual Observatory.
We are fast approaching 30 November and the new agreement appears to be at the conclusion stage. The Commission has therefore given little attention to the economic level of the Objective 1 and 2 regions which, as they depend to a large degree on fishing, are seriously concerned about maintaining employment in the sector.
In order for the euro to quickly acquire the weight it deserves, not only as part of the international economy but also in discussions concerning the economic policy of the Union area, the common points of view on economic policy in the euro area in particular must be explored in more depth.
The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs of our Parliament has rejected this definition, partly because these workers would then be partially excluded from the scope of the existing working time directive.
The time which the Council gives the Member States and hence itself to transpose the directive amending the existing working time directive is, according to the common Council position, four years.
The effect of this amendment will be to try to limit to one year the reference period available for the annualisation of the calculation of working time, in other words making sure that annualisation of working time is possible but no more.
Mr President, of course I have nothing against part of the budget being dedicated to preventive measures against violence towards children, young people and women, as long as it is dedicated to providing financial help to organisations working at grassroots level.
The Commission believes that the majority of measures that have to be taken by Member States, for example, transposition monitoring, designation and codes of good practice, action programmes and reporting are straightforward.
It does not take much to realise, Commissioner, that what we should have done was to use serious negotiations to bring moderate countries which do not use capital punishment over to our side, countries which had taken positions and which were sensitive regarding the preamble - I repeat, the preamble - based on an article in the United Nations Charter.
My question is as follows: Does the Commission intend the policy which must be developed on sport, particularly in view of the concentration of power which is occurring in the audiovisual media, to lead to a joint action between her Directorate-General and the one responsible for defending competition?
It is time we realised the European Parliament s idea of a monitoring body to be set up within the Commission to promote an efficient human rights policy and report on questions relating to human rights.
I will not repeat what the honourable rapporteur has already stated as to how we need to tackle the changeover of national currency units to euros in practical terms, but I would like to make two observations regarding her report.
Agreement has been reached on entering EUR 300 million under the budget for the year 2000, in addition to the EUR 60 million redeployed from this year, and on considering the EUR 140 million granted at the donor conference as part of the funds promised for the year 2001.
The Commissions strategic issues paper adopted on 10 December concluded that core public service tasks should not be outsourced and that the Commission should have at its disposal a much more flexible set of arrangements for non-core public service tasks.
I actually said that at present the Council believes there is no need to amend the frameworks of the 2000 budget permanently, and we have proposed the use of the flexibility instrument with regard to category 4.
A decision on how to ensure this environmental soundness must be taken at COP 6 as part of the overall package of decisions and the Communitys position on the ceilings issue has not changed.
The Group of the Greens and the European Free Alliance has rejected the proposal to reduce the number of permits to be distributed amongst the Member States, which had been proposed by the Group of the European People s Party.
The most important result of the Summit was that the EU has confirmed the ambitious plans for the enlargement of the EU, meaning, among other things, that an Intergovernmental Conference is now to be called to facilitate the accession of new Member States.
The prime role of this Parliament and the foreign affairs committees of national parliaments is not to control the executive in their conduct of foreign policy.
According to the Commissions preliminary budget for 1999, spending commitments are set to increase by a massive 17.8 %, which bears no relation to the budgets growth in general, a commitment of 6.5 %.
These propose an adjustment coefficient for prices and subsidies in order to offset the abolition of conversion rates on 1 January 1999 in those countries participating in the single currency.
Since the reform of agriculture a number of years ago, to a large extent the price review process we go through has become an unreal exercise and does not recognize the problems that face farmers on the ground.
For years, deductions on income from capital within the European Union have been endlessly reduced, whilst those affecting salaried income have increased, in particular through indirect taxation which, as we know, hits the lower paid hardest.
As members of the European Parliament, we should also seek to make a more active contribution to the deployment of the Structural Funds in our region for example, through mandatory participation in the monitoring committees and in future management committees of the members of the European Parliament.
We have a number of other possibilities, such as the improved organization of the sector, which would enhance the fresh fish market, and the continued use of market interventions.
Free movement, the right to free residence, the right to vote, the right to apply to an ombudsman belong, of course, not just to the European Union.
In this White Paper the European Commission has looked at the working time situation in these excluded sectors and activities, which, taken together, concern around six million workers, of whom around five million are in the non-mobile part of these sectors.
I would like to stress in particular the need for the European Union to adopt the necessary means to improve controls and harmonize sanctions, in order to combat excessive working hours.
Mr President, this issue has been debated two or three times in the Conference of Presidents and a very clear decision was taken that we wanted this report to be debated on Tuesday in its present position on the draft agenda.
I am voting for this report today as is puts forward practical ideas to help the industry remain competitive with rivals in other parts of the world - greater use of incentives to encourage new inventions and the use of new technology are key measures the EU should promote.
Finally, despite its relatively limited scope in such a wide context, the action plan on free movement of workers aims to create political momentum in the area of free movement.
Given the volume of texts which we study in Parliaments committees and during the part-sessions, we have a double challenge: to simplify once and for all the legislative process and to balance the roles of the European Parliament, the European Commission and the Council.
I refer to these two points which were approved by an overwhelming majority of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, because they were rejected by the Committee on Legal Affairs. I therefore hope that this House will, to be honest, correct what went wrong in the Committee on Legal Affairs.
That regulation still has to be considered, but the Committee on Legal Affairs specifically decided to wait until the directive relating to harmonisation was concluded. The regulation to decide on a Community design and model would then be examined.
The first criticism is that it provides for appropriations entered in the 1998 budget to be implemented without a legal basis, whereas the Court only allowed this for appropriations which had already been committed.
Moreover, the successful expansion of those two markets has contributed generally towards stimulating increasing cooperation between stock markets and towards encouraging the creation of capital markets for SMEs in other Member States as well.
My group fully supports this report and in particular paragraph 20 of the motion for a resolution, which is a practical expression of the desire to guarantee women a place on the labour market.
The European Union and the Member States must speak with one voice, carry out an active diplomatic effort and coordinate their action in order to guarantee peace and security in this part of the world.
Finally, the obligatory reserves are an instrument of monetary policy aimed at stabilising the rate of interest of the monetary market and at mastering the growth of money supply.
Secondly, there is a lack of confidence, once again on the part of national governments, in the Commissions own services that does not allow it to develop an action programme; this is mainly due to the incidences of fraud detected in 1991, European Tourism Year, and in the most recent action plan.
Recent revelations of irregularities and corruption within the Commission underscore the need for visibly tougher supervision of activities - managed by the Commission or the Member States - paid for out of Community funds.
For this reason I would once again urge the Commission to continue the measures it has already introduced in order to facilitate access: simplifying administrative procedures, shortening the duration of the processes involved and, in particular, providing reasons for rejection, which is simply a question of courtesy.
Mr President, the single currency - the euro - will, of course, save a great deal of money: most European Union countries will not require agri-compensation payments after 1 January.
In our opinion, it is the job of the national parliaments to formulate examination requirements for training courses, and the award of examination certificates is not an EU matter, but should continue to be handled by the national educational institutions.
It has scrutinised the programmes and policies that give the European Union a human face, seen what progress has been made, and demanded and approved the amounts needed for them to continue.
To conclude, I would like to point out that, notably in a very interesting hearing before the Committee on Budgetary Control, which in the end did not, unfortunately, give an opinion on this issue, the debate was centred around strengthening the legal certainty of importers.
I think that it is very easy to use forged certificates of origin, because monitoring the flow of goods which is often independent of financial flows, and dealing with the accompanying papers and the people involved in the operation is so difficult.
I can only deplore the course of events, because the fact is that we cannot close the matter with this report, but once again have to call on the Commission to take action and once again say what steps we in Parliament will be obliged to take if the Commission does not comply with our requirements.
The issue of timescales of the application procedure has proved a problematic factor in the discussions on this issue and it has been of some concern particularly among the pharmaceutical industries.
Citizens have lost a great deal of faith in us due to the irresponsible behaviour of the Council of Ministers in this area, and incidentally the poverty reports demanded by Parliament are not mentioned.
I would recall here that, in late January 1998, the Commission held a meeting of experts from the Member States, an overwhelming majority of whom expressed a willingness to engage in legal and technical discussions linked to the design of the Community patent.
I would also say, with regard to the system of insurance to cover the costs of legal proceedings connected with patents, that the Commission will investigate the best ways of promoting this system across the Community and will involve the European Parliament in this task.
First of all, this temporary status is intended to protect refugees and to grant them social rights solely in cases when the massive influx renders it impossible to handle individual asylum applications within a reasonable time-frame.
Financial penalties and imprisonment do not work and banning a racist party only leads to another party being set up under a different name.
The problem is that the Committee on Budgetary Control asked the European Commission some time ago to produce concrete proposals and put them to the Committee on Budgetary Control on 1 December.
It should, of course, be the President of the European Central Bank, as there will only be one monetary policy and, this being the case, we may ask what role the governors of national banks can still play in any sort of international body as they no longer have any say in this matter.
This communication stresses the central role which the Union should now play in the new architecture of the international financial system, and the strengthening of economic and financial cooperation with emerging and developing countries.
The increased power of a transnational financial capitalism in which capital movements and speculations are more important than real trade in goods is causing serious imbalances, chaos and crisis, while inequalities between and within countries are increasing.
The limited number of amendments bears witness to the level of agreement between Parliament and the Commission on the nature and content of the Joint Research Centres mission to serve Union policies and Union citizens.
Anyone who claims that the subject we are debating is a difference of opinion between socialists and populists, or claims that it just concerns a shift of balance between the bodies, is in a way trying to force the hand of the Members.
Amendments Nos 2 and 7 aim to allow the aggregation of the funding to enable the financing of diversification by fishermen for the period between 1 January 2000 and 31 December 2001.
In my opinion, all these amendments which have been adopted by the Committee on Fisheries are in line with the spirit of the measure which the Council felt obliged to adopt in order to assist the diversification of those fishermen severely affected by a measure which they feel is particularly unfair.
The money that had already been allocated to Member States for the improvement of their fleets and of marketing and processing and port facilities is what they are expected to use to provide compensation for the people who have lost their livelihood.
In this respect, I was pleased earlier to hear the President of the Commission stress the need for a policy, or at least a coordination of policies, on investment, particularly as regards risk capital investments.
We do, however, endorse the underlying aim of improving coordination between economic policy and other relevant policy areas, whilst at the same time increasing incomes so as to fight poverty.
I believe that the three reports under discussion are equal to the task and are, above all, a sign of increasing political will and powers within the European Union to take tangible, active steps towards promoting human rights.
The Council resolution of May 1989 on the promotion of books and reading stressed the importance of using permanent paper to prevent the continued publication of millions of books carrying within them the seeds of their self-destruction.
As proposed in the present report, this can only be achieved by officially recording the specific consumption levels, net weight, maximum net power and engine capacity of newly registered passenger cars.
Can it really be possible that, because the average car in 1986 consumed seven litres of petrol for every one hundred kilometres, the Commission accepts the notion that the car industry is heading for a target of six litres per hundred kilometres over a period of twenty-two years, in other words by the year 2008?
A chapter on employment, a significant advance towards an area of freedom, security and justice - these are concrete responses to our citizens concerns, with greater powers for the European Parliament and the President of the Commission.
The pact is to be the expression of an active labour market policy, which will now focus more than before on prevention, on reducing youth and long-term unemployment and discrimination against women on the job market.
Article 7 of the agreement on maritime transport establishes the goal of securing unrestricted access to the maritime market and to international maritime traffic on a commercial basis and in accordance with the principles of fair competition.
In drawing up its report, is the Commission aware of the consequences this directive has for about 10 million Europeans who hunt or shoot as a sporting pursuit, i.e. the additional taxes they have to pay and the extra work they are faced with when transporting firearms within the European Union?
Hierarchies are disappearing, production plant and physical processes are no longer concentrated in a fixed location, as was typical of the industrial era; a new knowledge-based society is emerging, one which is more mobile both geographically and culturally.
There was also an exchange of views between the presidency and Members of Parliament on aspects of mutual interest in the fields of justice and home affairs.
These codes of conduct must be negotiated within a global context so that we can find a compulsory mechanism that can be applied fairly to all enterprises, both in third countries and in the Member States of the European Union.
The report considers these issues thoroughly and I support its recommendations to include stronger provisions on the human rights front and to tackle corruption, and particularly important, its recommendations for the use of sanctions.
The European Union is dedicated to supporting Chinas transition to an open society based upon the rule of law and full respect for human rights.
Consumers have been paying too much for their food bills, taxpayers have been paying too much for their tax bills, and hard-pressed small farmers and hill farmers have not received the support they need.
Such requirements imposed by the majority in Parliament reduce the scope for an active policy of rural development, which is badly needed if we are to provide alternative ways for farming families and other country dwellers to earn their living.
To the authors of those amendments, which defend the family as an essential component of our society, with the family based on a couple offering a solid educational framework, I would like to say that I agree with them and wholeheartedly support them.
In this instance we prefer the amendments tabled by the Green Group, which seek to impose a minimum distance of half a kilometre for urban waste and two kilometres for hazardous waste, the precautionary principle taking priority over that of subsidiarity.
That is why my group also supports amending the Cox report, so that we at least make it obligatory for the Member States of the European Union not to levy taxes on electricity and other products derived from renewable sources of energy.
Just as with the initiative on the taxation of carbon dioxide emissions, once again it is being claimed that the targets are fiscal neutrality and the replacement of taxes on labour, thereby helping to create jobs.
As you will be aware, there are already in force five basic directives that tackle these issues, and the European Parliament was both prompt and forward-looking in the way in which it cooperated in their drafting. The directive we are today considering covers aspects that have yet to be broached: the right of reproduction, the right of communication to the public, the right of distribution and protection of the means of identifying and protecting works and therefore combating rampant piracy.
The EUs copyright directive, and especially the more stringent version proposed by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens Rights, is a threat to this balance.
What steps is the European Commission taking to evaluate this report with a view to using its main recommendations to flesh out EU human rights policy?
We need to get rid of the feelings of hostility and rejection or even the idea that a European from a neighbouring country is a foreigner, and we must replace them with the firm belief that the process of integration is, above all, a process of solidarity.
There is agreement on the efficiency reserve and there is agreement on the question of the consistency of national aid regions and EU aid regions.
We must promote the reconciliation of professional and family lives and encourage women to get involved in politics. These are key elements for the participation of women in society and, of course, their integration into the labour market.
We provide for the High Representative to enter into a dialogue with Parliament, to come to Parliament to explain his or her statements, to go before the relevant parliamentary committee and for Parliament to monitor the procedure for appointing a High Representative.
Under the existing system, recruitment, pay and social insurance arrangements are agreed directly between an MEPs assistant and the Member appointing him or her.
It is in governments interests to cooperate openly and in a more systematic manner within the Euro Council and to work on achieving the best possible harmony between the monetary and budgetary policies.
Despite all the human rights violations and the lack of political freedom in Cuba, Parliament - encouraged by the left-wing parties - has unfortunately always turned a blind eye and has thus allowed the situation to become entrenched.
It fails to explain why, despite ever-increasing returns on investments, increased profits, reduced labour costs and low interest rates, there has been no stimulation of private investment.
I therefore hope that the European Parliament will support this approach, without altering the Councils common position, thereby not only enabling its own recommendation of 19 February 1997 to be carried out, but also bringing forward the start of consultations leading to the year 2000 report.
These amendments involve extending the duration of planting rights, allowing planting in advance and providing for new planting rights in order to respond to market changes.
I welcome the joint texts adopted by the Conciliation Committee on 4 February 1999 on the rare diseases and pollution-related diseases programmes.
We are therefore hopeful that the Foundation will endeavour to respond as positively as our rapporteur seems to suggest to the remaining questions and to those which have just been raised on mission expenses and study contracts during the examination of the discharge procedure for the 1997 financial year.
It is therefore particularly important that we make it clear to the Council that the procedure of a report with recommendations to the Council on a common strategy is a one-off solution because of the elections.
The developments early this year that led to the resignation of the Commission and to a discussion about reforms certainly give reason to examine the relations between the European Parliament, the Council and the European Commission in this regard.
Among the key elements of the reform package are the further development of the rural development policy, including improved support for environmentally compatible farming methods.
Finally, the members of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development believe that it is vital to establish an action and information programme to make consumers aware, in particular, of the positive effects of vine products on their health.
There are misgivings about safety, the conduct of transactions, payment, the treatment of confidential information, the possible misuse of personal data, the quality of the products and the absence of expert advice.
We have adapted our position not only on the textiles industry but also on the European system of production in general in order to respond to the need for the sector to accept the conditions of a global economy and to work to increase its productivity and competitiveness.
It is a fight to give the Europeans a feeling of shared destiny, of a shared mission, a shared identity, a shared civilisation and a shared land.
I also wish to point out that competitiveness in agriculture is measured not only on the world market but also in terms of balance of the land, maintenance of the fabric of rural life and conservation of our natural heritage.
The initial results of that exercise relating to damage in housing and local infrastructure were issued at the conference arranged by the Commission and World Bank donors last July.
Last week, we started to make a series of substantial changes at the highest administrative levels in the Commission, on the basis of a complete cultural change in appointment methods.
Madam President, I only got to see the Conference of Presidents proposal for the European Parliament s calendar of part-sessions for the Year 2000 once the deadline for submitting amendments had elapsed.
When it approved the new Code on Structural Funds last June, the Council defined in the basic regulation the primary objectives, general principles and programming procedures for the period 2000 - 2006.
More funding must be put aside for alternative energy resources and there is also an anticipation that there will be a switch from the use of solid fuel and oil to natural gas and renewable energy sources and power generation in the future.
Not fast enough because, as regards the officials, it seems unnecessary to me to wait until the end of October before taking an implementing decision applying to parliamentary officials. A simple Bureau decision taken under Rule 225 of the Rules of Procedure would have been sufficient.
I share the rapporteur s disapproval of the European Commission s proposal to organise development cooperation under geographical headings from now on and to reduce thematic budget headings.
For EU membership to be a palpable and advantageous change in the eyes of ordinary citizens, the current state of affairs needs to change, and companies and employees need to be able to create a labour market which is not only dynamic but also grants rights to employees.
Safeguarding sound government finances is a means of strengthening the conditions for price stability and achieving strong sustainable growth which is conducive to employment creation.
The European Union considers the Non-Proliferation Treaty to be a major tool of international security that offers a set of global frameworks for the promotion of both non-proliferation and the decommissioning of weapons.
Although it is easier to operate through the procedures of agencies and institutions, the basic purpose of the programme will be to break this barrier and favour culture at the grassroots of society, given that their function is not to create an official culture.
Madam President, with regard to the presentation of the report of the Court of Auditors, it is clear that, at the moment, this report - which previously attracted very little attention - has become an important item in the press.
The entry into force of this regulation will fill a loophole that has existed in the field of international private law and represents an important step towards extending the Union into an area of freedom, security and justice.
The sooner our neighbours recognise that nuclear safety is our common concern, the sooner it will be possible to enter into constructive and open talks with our neighbouring countries and to conclude talks on expansion.
We would like the European Parliament to adopt a clear, firm stand to the effect that the right to dignity, health, a home, freedom and the elimination of poverty is more important than free trade and profits.
However, it is now possible to negotiate rules for the trade in goods and services, and it is possible to act in such a way that capital freedoms do not spread their exploitative power on such a broad global scale as electronic capitalism.
Let us remember, in this regard, that the 174 member countries of the ILO which, with the solemn declaration of 1998, undertook to comply with the four categories of fundamental labour rights, even where they did not ratify the conventions, are, in the main, also members of the WTO.
The principle of Community preference must be defended and, by the same token, the system of export refunds including for products described as outside annex 1 , i.e. food products produced from European agricultural products whose market price is higher than the world rate.
At a time when the transition to a capitalist economy is having the effect of causing a fall in production levels and the considerable impoverishment of the majority of the population, considerable sums of money are being swallowed up by the war effort, not to mention the cost of the corruption associated with it.
We should remember the mandate of the Cologne European Council to the Commission; we should remember that before the end of 1999 there was supposed to be specific and special treatment which has still not happened; we should remember that at the moment we are debating the Commission s legislative agenda for 2000.
This strategy is certainly a logical one because we know that about half of all CO2 emissions are caused by traffic; however, we should also note that about 12% of all CO2 emissions are emitted in the European Union and about 88% in the rest of the world.
Stressing the importance of basing decisions on scientific and technical data and studies is fundamental, not just concerning the COM in fisheries, but also in general fisheries management.
We welcome the common organisation of the markets and strengthening of the producer organisations, but I have problems firstly where there is a danger that costs are being pushed up unnecessarily and while we recognise that the level of intervention age needs increasing, maybe not in the way it is actually put here.
For example, zero emissions for traffic and a ten percent reduction for households, industry and energy production itself.
The Commissioner has emphasised Parliament s position and Parliament s important role and said that the action plans are inadequate, that these must be developed further and that a clear political stance is required.
Madam President, by exercising our most basic right, that of determining our own future as a free and independent country, it was easy to foresee tragic consequences, but our people did not hesitate to show, once again, that it is staunchly determined to defend its freedom.
Social security benefits must be maintained, but consideration has to be given to their funding, based on economic growth itself and on appropriate agreements between the economic and social players, so that these agreements can offer positive results thanks to fruitful social dialogue.
Article 103 was formulated a long time ago and we might hope that this article, which today should be interpreted in a wholly different way since we now have the Central Bank and we now have a single monetary policy, might make a contribution towards coordinating economic policies.
Mr President, as agreed with the coordinator of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, its chairman and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Monetary Affairs, the text of the oral amendment is the following:
